0,zero
1,one
10,ten
100,hundred
1000,thousand
11,eleven
12,twelve
120,long hundred
13,thirteen
14,fourteen
15,fifteen
16,sixteen
17,seventeen
18,eighteen
19,nineteen
2,two
20,twenty
21,twenty-one
22,twenty-two
23,twenty-three
24,twenty-four
25,twenty-five
26,twenty-six
27,twenty-seven
28,twenty-eight
29,twenty-nine
3,three
30,thirty
4,four
40,forty
5,five
50,fifty
500,five hundred
6,six
60,sixty
7,seven
70,seventy
78,seventy-eight
8,eight
80,eighty
9,nine
90,ninety
abdominal,abdominal muscle
abducent,abducent nerve
abkhazian,Abkhaz
ablative,ablative case
aboriginal,Aborigine
abortifacient,aborticide
abrasive,abradant
absorbent,absorbent material
abstinent,abstainer
abstract,abstraction
abstractionist,abstract artist
absurd,the absurd
academic,academician
accessary,accessory
accessory,accoutrement
accusative,accusative case
ace,one
aching,ache
acid,back breaker
acting,playing
actinoid,actinide
activating,energizing
active,active agent
activist,militant
acute,acute accent
adamant,diamond
adenoid,pharyngeal tonsil
adept,ace
adherent,disciple
adhesive,adhesive material
adolescent,stripling
adrenal,adrenal gland
adrenergic,adrenergic drug
adsorbent,adsorbent material
adult,grownup
adulterant,adulterator
advance,progress
aerial,forward pass
aery,aerie
aesthetic,esthetic
afferent,sensory nerve
affluent,feeder
afghani,Pashto
afghanistani,Afghan
afro-american,African-American
agape,agape love
aged,elderly
ageing,ripening
agglomerate,pile
aggregate,sum
aging,ripening
agnate,patrikin
agnostic,doubter
alabaster,oriental alabaster
alcoholic,alky
alert,qui vive
aleutian,Aleut
algonquin,Algonquian
alien,foreigner
aliquot,aliquot part
almighty,Godhead
alternate,surrogate
alternative,option
alto,contralto
alveolar,alveolar consonant
amber,gold
amino,amino group
ammoniac,gum ammoniac
amnesiac,amnesic
amnesic,amnesiac
amphibian,amphibious vehicle
anaesthetic,anesthetic
analgesic,anodyne
analog,analogue
analogue,analog
analphabetic,analphabet
anatomical,anatomical reference
ancient,antediluvian
aneroid,aneroid barometer
anesthetic,anaesthetic
animal,animate being
anionic,anionic detergent
annelid,annelid worm
annoying,annoyance
annual,yearly
anodyne,analgesic
anorectic,anorexic
anorexic,anorectic
antacid,gastric antacid
antecedent,ancestor
antediluvian,antediluvian patriarch
antepenultimate,antepenult
anterior,front tooth
anthelminthic,vermifuge
anthelmintic,vermifuge
anthropoid,ape
anti-intellectual,philistine
antiaircraft,antiaircraft gun
antibacterial,antibacterial drug
antibiotic,antibiotic drug
antic,joke
anticholinergic,anticholinergic drug
anticipant,anticipator
antifungal,antifungal agent
antimicrobial,disinfectant
antimicrobic,disinfectant
antineoplastic,antineoplastic drug
antiphonal,antiphonary
antiphonary,antiphonal
antipodal,antipodal opposition
antipyretic,febrifuge
antiquarian,antiquary
antique,old-timer
antiviral,antiviral agent
anuran,frog
anxiolytic,minor tranquilizer
aperient,purgative
apostate,deserter
appellant,plaintiff in error
appellative,appellation
approaching,approach
approving,blessing
arabian,Arab
arachnoid,arachnoid membrane
aramaean,Aramean
arawakan,Arawak
arch,archway
archaeozoic,Archean
archeozoic,Archean
archosaurian,archosaur
aristotelean,Aristotelian
aroid,arum
artiodactyl,even-toed ungulate
ascendant,ascendent
ascendent,ascendant
ascending,rise
ascetic,abstainer
asiatic,Asian
aspirant,aspirer
assistant,helper
associate,companion
astringent,astringent drug
ataractic,tranquilizer
attendant,attender
attic,loft
attributive genitive,attributive genitive case
audiovisual,audiovisual aid
authoritarian,dictator
automatic,automatic rifle
auxiliary,aide
avant-garde,vanguard
average,norm
avocado,alligator pear
azure,cerulean
bacchanal,drunken reveler
back,dorsum
backhand,backhand stroke
backstage,wing
bad,badness
banging,battering
bankrupt,insolvent
banner,streamer
barbarian,savage
baritone,barytone
barren,waste
base,base of operations
bass,bass part
bastard,asshole
batrachian,frog
bats,bat
bawdy,bawdry
bay,embayment
bearing,heading
beat,round
beetle,mallet
beginning,commencement
behaviorist,behaviourist
behaviourist,behaviorist
behind,buttocks
beige,ecru
belittling,denigration
belligerent,combatant
beloved,dear
beneficiary,donee
bent,set
bereaved,bereaved person
berserk,berserker
best,topper
better,bettor
bias,prejudice
bibless,Bible
bicentenary,bicentennial
bicentennial,bicentenary
bicorn,bicorne
bicuspid,premolar
bilingual,bilingualist
billion,one million million
billionth,one-billionth
binary,binary star
binding,dressing
biquadratic,biquadrate
birch,birch tree
bisexual,bisexual person
bitter,bitterness
bittersweet,bittersweet nightshade
bivalve,pelecypod
black,blackness
black and white,written communication
blame,incrimination
blank,space
blanket,cover
blaring,blare
blazing,blaze
blind,screen
blinking,blink
blistering,vesiculation
blond,blonde
blonde,blond
blooming,bloom
blue,blueness
bluff,four flush
bluish green,blue green
bobtail,bob
bohemian,Gypsy
bold,boldface
bolshevist,Bolshevik
bolshy,Bolshevik
bombproof,bomb shelter
bone,os
boon,blessing
bootleg,moonshine
borderline,boundary line
boring,drilling
boss,foreman
bottom,underside
bouncing,bounce
bound,boundary
bourgeois,businessperson
bowing,bow
bowleg,bow leg
brachiopod,lamp shell
bracing,brace
brag,bragging
braggart,bragger
bragging,brag
branching,ramification
branchiopod,branchiopod crustacean
branchiopodan,branchiopod crustacean
breakaway,breaking away
breathing,external respiration
breeding,genteelness
bridal,espousal
brief,legal brief
briny,main
briton,Britisher
brittle,toffee
broadside,circular
brooding,incubation
broody,brood hen
brown,brownness
brummagem,Birmingham
brunet,brunette
brunette,brunet
brute,beast
bubbly,champagne
bucolic,peasant
buff,fan
buggy,roadster
bully,tough
bullying,intimidation
bum,rotter
burlesque,parody
burning,combustion
bush,shrub
bust,flop
butch,dike
buttery,pantry
bygone,water under the bridge
c,degree centigrade
caecilian,blindworm
caesarean,cesarean delivery
caesarian,cesarean delivery
caller,company
calm,composure
camp,encampment
canary,fink
cancroid,squamous cell carcinoma
canine,canine tooth
capillary,capillary tube
capital,working capital
capitate,capitate bone
captive,prisoner
caramel,caramelized sugar
caramel brown,yellowish brown
carangid,carangid fish
carboxyl,carboxyl group
cardboard,composition board
cardinal,cardinal number
carinate,carinate bird
caring,lovingness
carmine,cardinal
carnation,clove pink
carpal,carpal bone
catarrhine,Old World monkey
catching,detection
cathartic,purgative
cathedral,duomo
catty,cattie
caucasian,White
caudate,caudate nucleus
cautious,timid
cavalier,chevalier
cc,milliliter
cd,cadmium
celluloid,film
centenary,centennial
centennial,centenary
center,centre
central,telephone exchange
centrist,middle of the roader
cephalopod,cephalopod mollusk
cereal,cereal grass
ceremonial,ceremony
cerise,cherry
cerulean,azure
cesarean,cesarean delivery
cesarian,cesarean delivery
cetacean,cetacean mammal
chaldaean,Chaldean
chaldee,Chaldean
champion,champ
chance,opportunity
characteristic,feature
charcoal,wood coal
charnel,charnel house
cheating,cheat
cheering,shouting
chelate,chelate compound
chelonian,chelonian reptile
chemical,chemical substance
cherry,cherry tree
chestnut,chestnut tree
chic,chicness
chichi,chic
chicken,poulet
chief,head
childbearing,childbirth
chilling,cooling
chilly,chili
choice,pick
choky,chokey
choral,chorale
ci,curie
ciliate,ciliated protozoan
cinnabar,cinnabar moth
circular,handbill
cl,chlorine
classical,classical music
classified,classified ad
clean,clean and jerk
cleansing,cleaning
clear,open
cleft,crack
close,stopping point
closing,shutting
co-ed,college girl
coaxing,blarney
cod,pod
coeval,contemporary
cognate,blood relation
cold,common cold
collectable,collectible
collectible,collectable
collectivist,leftist
colonic,colonic irrigation
color,colour
colored,colored person
colour,coloring material
combatant,battler
combustible,combustible material
comestible,edible
comic,comedian
coming,approach
commercial,commercial message
common,park
commonplace,platitude
compact,powder compact
comparative,comparative degree
complementary,complementary color
complex,composite
composite,complex
compound,chemical compound
comprehensive,comprehensive examination
concealing,concealment
concomitant,accompaniment
confluent,feeder
congeneric,relative
conglomerate,pudding stone
conic,conic section
conjugate,conjugate solution
conjunctive,conjunction
connective,conjunction
conservative,conservativist
constant,constant quantity
constituent,component
consumptive,lunger
contemporary,coeval
content,message
contingent,detail
continuant,continuant consonant
contrabass,bass fiddle
contraceptive,preventive
contralto,alto
contrary,reverse
convertible,convertible security
cool,aplomb
cooperative,co-op
coordinate,co-ordinate
copulative,copula
coral,red coral
cordial,liqueur
corinthian,playboy
coronary,coronary thrombosis
corrective,restorative
correlate,correlative
correlative,correlate
correspondent,letter writer
cosignatory,cosigner
cosmopolitan,cosmopolite
cosy,tea cosy
counter,tabulator
counterfeit,forgery
counterrevolutionary,counterrevolutionist
countertenor,alto
covert,screen
cozy,cosy
crack,cleft
crackers,cracker
cracking,crack
crackle,crackling
crank,grouch
craven,poltroon
crazy,loony
criminal,felon
crimson,ruby
crisp,chip
crisscross,cross
crookback,humpback
cross,crisscross
crowing,brag
crude,petroleum
crushing,suppression
crying,weeping
cunning,craft
curative,remedy
current,electric current
cursive,longhand
custom,usage
custom-built,custom-made
custom-made,custom-built
cut,gash
cutting,film editing
cv,curriculum vitae
cyprian,prostitute
cyprinid,cyprinid fish
cypriote,Cypriot
cyrillic,Cyrillic alphabet
d,vitamin D
daedal,Daedalus
dainty,delicacy
damn,darn
damp,dampness
dandy,dude
daredevil,madcap
daring,dare
dark,darkness
darkening,blackening
darling,favorite
deadening,stultification
deaf-mute,mute
dear,beloved
deceased,dead person
deciding,decision making
decimal,decimal fraction
declarative,indicative mood
decrescendo,diminuendo
deep,trench
defeated,discomfited
defensive,defensive attitude
degenerate,pervert
deictic,deictic word
deist,freethinker
delinquent,juvenile delinquent
deltoid,deltoid muscle
demonstrative,demonstrative pronoun
dental,alveolar consonant
departed,dead person
dependant,dependent
dependent,dependant
depilatory,depilator
depressant,sedative
derelict,abandoned ship
derivative,derived function
descendant,descendent
descendent,descendant
designing,design
determinant,determiner
determinative,determiner
deterrent,hindrance
developing,development
deviant,pervert
deviate,pervert
diacritic,diacritical mark
diagonal,bias
dickey,dickie
dicky,dickey
differential,derived function
digitigrade,digitigrade mammal
dilettante,dabbler
diminuendo,decrescendo
dinky,dinkey
dipylon,Dipylon gate
dirigible,airship
dirt,soil
disabled,handicapped
disarming,disarmament
discomfited,defeated
discontent,discontentment
disinfectant,germicide
dissident,dissenter
divers,diver
divine,Godhead
do-nothing,idler
doctrinaire,dogmatist
documentary,docudrama
domestic,domestic help
dominant,dominant allele
doomed,lost
dot-com,dot com
double,two-base hit
double-dealing,duplicity
dowdy,Dowding
down,down feather
downtown,business district
dozen,twelve
drab,olive drab
dread,apprehension
dress,frock
drinkable,beverage
driving,drive
drumhead,head
drunk,drunkard
dry,prohibitionist
duckbill,paddlefish
dud,flop
dummy,silent person
dun,greyish brown
duodecimal,one-twelfth
duplex,duplex house
duplicate,extra
dwindling,dwindling away
dying,death
dynamic,moral force
eager,tidal bore
east,due east
easterly,east wind
eastern orthodox,Orthodox Church
eastward,east
eatable,comestible
ebionite,Nazarene
ebony,coal black
eccentric,eccentric person
ecclesiastic,cleric
eclectic,eclecticist
ectozoan,ectoparasite
edible,comestible
editorial,column
efferent,motor nerve
effluent,wastewater
egalitarian,equalitarian
egocentric,egoist
eight,8
eighteen,18
eighth,one-eighth
eighty,80
elastic,rubber band
elder,senior
elderly,aged
eldest,firstborn
elect,chosen
elective,elective course
electric,electric automobile
electrolytic,electrolytic capacitor
elevated,elevated railway
eleven,11
elite,elite group
embonpoint,plumpness
emollient,cream
empyrean,celestial sphere
enate,matrikin
encyclical,encyclical letter
endemic,endemic disease
endocrine,hormone
endozoan,endoparasite
energizing,activating
enlightened,initiate
enough,sufficiency
entire,stallion
entozoan,endoparasite
eolithic,Eolithic Age
ephemeral,ephemeron
epic,epic poem
epicene,hermaphrodite
epicurean,epicure
epidural,epidural anesthesia
epizoan,ectoparasite
equal,peer
equestrian,horseman
equine,equid
equinoctial,celestial equator
equivalent,equivalent weight
eristic,disputant
essential,necessity
esthetic,aesthetic
eutherian,placental
even,evening
evergreen,evergreen plant
everlasting,everlasting flower
evil,immorality
ex,ex-husband
excess,surplus
excitant,stimulant
exclusive,scoop
executive,executive director
existentialist,existentialist philosopher
exocrine,exocrine gland
exponential,exponential function
express,express mail
exterior,outside
extra,supernumerary
extraterrestrial,extraterrestrial being
extravert,extrovert
extreme,extreme point
extrovert,extravert
facial,facial nerve
failing,weakness
faint,swoon
fair,carnival
faithful,congregation
fake,sham
faltering,hesitation
familiar,companion
fanatic,fiend
fancy,illusion
far,Army for the Liberation of Rwanda
farming,agriculture
fast,fasting
fat,adipose tissue
fatalist,determinist
fatty,fatso
faultfinding,carping
favorite,favourite
favourite,front-runner
feline,felid
fell,hide
female,female person
feminist,women's rightist
feudatory,vassal
fifteen,15
fifth,one-fifth
fifty,50
fighting,fight
final,final examination
fine,mulct
firm,house
first,number one
firstborn,eldest
fit,tantrum
fitting,adjustment
five,5
five hundred,500
flagellate,flagellate protozoan
flamboyant,royal poinciana
flaming,fire
flash,flashing
flat,flatcar
fledgeling,newcomer
fledgling,newcomer
flimsy,onionskin
flip,somersault
floating,natation
floppy,diskette
flowering,blossoming
flowing,flow
fluorescent,fluorescent fixture
flush,flower
fly,tent-fly
flying,flight
folding,protein folding
following,followers
forbidding,ban
fore,bow
foreboding,premonition
forehand,forehand stroke
foreshadowing,prefiguration
forfeit,forfeiture
formal,ball
formulary,pharmacopeia
forte,strong suit
fortissimo,forte
forty,40
fossil,dodo
four,4
fourscore,eighty
foursquare,square
fourteen,14
fourth,one-fourth
free,free people
free-lance,freelancer
freelance,freelancer
freshman,fresher
fricative,fricative consonant
frightening,terrorization
front,front end
frontal,frontlet
fucking,fuck
fugitive,runaway
full,full moon
functioning,operation
fundamental,fundamental frequency
funicular,cable railway
funny,funny story
future,hereafter
futurist,fantast
galilaean,Galilean
gallant,dandy
game,plot
gay,homosexual
general,full general
generic,generic wine
genitive,genitive case
gentile,heathen
geodesic,geodesic line
gi,gilbert
giant,colossus
gilt,gilding
gimcrack,folderal
ginger,powdered ginger
given,presumption
giving,gift
glad,gladiolus
gleaming,gleam
glossy,slick
glowing,radiance
go,spell
going,departure
gold,amber
good,goodness
good-for-naught,goldbrick
good-for-nothing,goldbrick
gossamer,cobweb
governing,government
graduate,alumnus
graecophile,philhellene
grand,thousand
graphic,computer graphic
grasping,taking hold
grating,grate
grave,tomb
gray,grayness
green,greenness
greenhouse,nursery
grizzly,grizzly bear
gross,144
groundbreaking,groundbreaking ceremony
growing,growth
grownup,adult
grubby,Myxocephalus aenaeus
grumbling,rumble
gu,Guam
guttural,guttural consonant
hairsplitting,word-splitting
halcyon,Alcyone
half,one-half
halt,arrest
handicapped,disabled
handless,handle
hardback,hardcover
hardcover,hardback
harum-scarum,daredevil
hazel,hazel tree
hearing,audience
hearsay,rumor
heathen,pagan
hellenic,Greek
helminthic,vermifuge
hepatic,liverwort
herbal,herb tea
here,Hera
hermaphrodite,intersex
heroic,heroic verse
heterocyclic,heterocyclic compound
heterosexual,heterosexual person
heuristic,heuristic rule
hex,jinx
hi-fi,high fidelity sound system
hick,yokel
hieratic,hieratic script
hieroglyphic,hieroglyph
high,heights
high-rise,tower block
highland,upland
hindoo,Hindu
hindustani,Hindu
hip,pelvis
hispanic,Spanish American
hoar,frost
hollow,holler
holy,holy place
home,place
homeless,homeless person
homophile,homosexual
homosexual,homophile
honey,beloved
hopeful,aspirant
howling,howl
human,homo
humanist,humanitarian
humanitarian,do-gooder
humdrum,monotony
hundred,100
hundred thousand,100000
hundredth,one-hundredth
hurrying,speed
hurt,injury
husky,Eskimo dog
hyaline,hyalin
hyaloid,hyaloid membrane
hybrid,loanblend
hyoid,hyoid bone
hypnotic,soporific
hypodermic,hypodermic syringe
i,iodine
ic,Intelligence Community
ideal,paragon
ii,two
iii,three
il,Illinois
ill,ailment
illegitimate,bastard
illiterate,illiterate person
imaginary,complex number
imbecile,idiot
imitation,caricature
immortal,deity
immovable,real property
immunosuppressive,immunosuppressant
imperative,imperative mood
imperfect,progressive
imperial,imperial beard
in,inch
inaugural,inaugural address
incan,Inca
incendiary,arsonist
inchoative,inchoative aspect
incidental,incidental expense
incoming,entrance
incompetent,incompetent person
incumbent,officeholder
independent,mugwump
indicative,indicative mood
indigo,anil
individual,person
indo-aryan,Indic
indo-european,Aryan
inessential,nonessential
inferior,subscript
infinite,space
infrared,infrared frequency
inhalant,inhalation
initiative,enterprise
innocent,inexperienced person
inpouring,inpour
inquiring,questioning
inside,interior
insolvent,bankrupt
insomniac,sleepless person
instant,blink of an eye
instinct,inherent aptitude
insured,insured person
insurgent,insurrectionist
intangible,intangible asset
intellectual,intellect
intensive,intensifier
intent,purpose
intercostal,intercostal muscle
interim,meantime
interior,inside
interlocking,engagement
interrogative,question
interrogatory,interrogation
interstate,interstate highway
intimate,confidant
intoxicant,alcohol
intransitive,intransitive verb
invalid,shut-in
invariable,constant
inverse,opposite
ionic,Attic
iraki,Iraqi
iranian,Irani
iron,Fe
iron-gray,iron-grey
iron-grey,iron-gray
irrational,irrational number
irregular,guerrilla
isoclinal,isoclinic line
isometric,isometric line
iterative,iterative aspect
itinerant,gypsy
iv,four
ix,nine
jade,jadestone
javan,Javanese
jeering,jeer
jerking,jerk
jerky,jerked meat
jet,jet plane
joint,articulation
jolly,jolly boat
jugular,jugular vein
jutting,protrusion
juvenile,juvenile person
k,kelvin
kampuchean,Cambodian
katari,Qatari
kechuan,Quechua
key,tonality
killing,violent death
kin,kinsperson
kind,sort
kindred,kin
knockout,smasher
kokka,Kokka Shinto
l,liter
labial,labial consonant
laggard,dawdler
lame,square
lamellibranch,bivalve
laotian,Lao
lapidary,lapidarist
larboard,port
lashing,whipping
last,stopping point
lateen,lateen sail
lateral,lateral pass
latino,Latin American
lay,ballad
leading,lead
lean,tilt
leaning,propensity
leeward,lee
left,left wing
leftist,collectivist
leftover,remnant
legion,host
lesbian,tribade
less,lupus erythematosus
level,degree
li,lithium
liberal,liberalist
libertine,debauchee
liege,vassal
light,visible light
lightweight,whippersnapper
like,the like
limited,express
limiting,modification
limp,hitch
liquid,liquidness
lit,literature
literal,misprint
literate,literate person
littoral,litoral
livelong,orpine
livery,delivery
living,life
local,local anesthetic
locomotive,engine
long-suffering,long-sufferance
longhand,running hand
look-alike,double
looking,look
loony,crazy
lost,doomed
lovely,cover girl
low,depression
low-down,dope
lowbrow,philistine
lowercase,small letter
lowering,letting down
lunatic,madman
lupine,lupin
lush,alcoholic
lx,sixty
lxx,seventy
lxxviii,seventy-eight
lxxx,eighty
lying in wait,ambush
lyric,words
m,meter
macro,macro instruction
madcap,daredevil
magic,thaumaturgy
magyar,Hungarian
maiden,maid
maimed,wounded
main,briny
majuscule,capital
make-believe,pretense
makeshift,stopgap
malayan,Malay
male,male person
malted,malt
mammalian,mammal
mandatory,mandatary
mandean,Mandaean
maniac,lunatic
manichean,Manichaean
manichee,Manichaean
manifold,manifold paper
mansard,mansard roof
manual,manual of arms
maroc,Morocco
marsupial,pouched mammal
mass,batch
master,maestro
mastoid,mastoid process
mastoidal,mastoid
mat,matting
material,stuff
matt,flatness
matte,flatness
maverick,rebel
maxillary,upper jaw
maximum,upper limit
mean,mean value
meaning,significance
mechanic,machinist
meddling,tampering
median,median value
medical,checkup
medium,culture medium
medusoid,medusa
meet,sports meeting
melancholic,melancholiac
melancholy,black bile
melting,thaw
mendicant,friar
mercenary,soldier of fortune
merging,meeting
meridian,acme
meshed,Mashhad
meshuggeneh,meshuggener
meshuggener,meshuggeneh
mesolithic,Mesolithic Age
metacarpal,metacarpal bone
metal,metallic element
metric,metric function
middle,center
midget,dwarf
migrant,migrator
militant,activist
military,armed forces
millenarian,millenarist
millenary,millennium
million,1000000
millionth,one-millionth
mimic,mimicker
mini,miniskirt
miniature,illumination
minimum,lower limit
minor,child
mint,batch
minus,subtraction
minuscule,small letter
minute,min
miotic,miotic drug
missionary,missioner
modal,modal auxiliary verb
model,theoretical account
moderate,centrist
modern,modern font
moire,watered-silk
molar,grinder
monacan,Monegasque
monastic,monk
moneran,moneron
mongolian,Mongol
mono,infectious mononucleosis
monochrome,black and white
monoclonal,monoclonal antibody
monotone,drone
moral,lesson
mortal,person
mortuary,morgue
moslem,Muslim
motivating,motivation
motive,motivation
motley,assortment
mourning,bereavement
movable,chattel
muhammadan,Mohammedan
multinomial,polynomial
mum,florist's chrysanthemum
mural,wall painting
murmuring,mutter
musical,musical comedy
musing,contemplation
must,mustiness
mutant,mutation
mute,deaf-mute
myotic,miotic drug
myriad,ten thousand
mystic,religious mystic
naming,appointment
nappy,diaper
narrative,narration
nasal,nasal consonant
national,subject
nationalist,patriot
native,indigen
native american,Amerindian
natural,cancel
navicular,scaphoid bone
neandertal,Neandertal man
neanderthal,Neandertal man
necessary,necessity
needless,acerate leaf
negro,Black
negroid,Black
neolithic,Neolithic Age
nepali,Nepalese
net,internet
neurotic,psychoneurotic
newborn,neonate
nine,9
nineteen,19
ninety,90
ninth,one-ninth
nip and tuck,face lift
nipponese,Japanese
no,nobelium
no-account,goldbrick
noble,Lord
nominal,noun phrase
nominative,nominative case
noncompliant,balker
nonessential,inessential
nonpareil,ideal
nonpartisan,nonpartizan
nonpartizan,nonpartisan
nonprofit,nonprofit organization
nonsense,bunk
nonsteroidal,nonsteroid
nonstop,nonstop flight
nordic,Scandinavian
normal,convention
norse,Scandinavian
northeast,nor'-east
northeastward,northeast
northerly,north wind
northward,north
northwestward,northwest
notable,luminary
nouveau-riche,upstart
nude,nude painting
null,nothing
numeral,number
nutrient,food
nuts,nut
nymphomaniac,nympho
objective,aim
oblique,oblique case
occlusive,stop consonant
occult,supernatural
occurrent,happening
ocher,ochre
ochre,ocher
ocular,eyepiece
off-white,bone
offbeat,upbeat
offensive,offense
official,functionary
offsides,offside
offstage,wing
ok,Oklahoma
okay,O.K.
olive,European olive tree
omnibus,bus
oncoming,onset
one,1
one thousand,thousand
oozing,seepage
open,clear
opening,gap
operative,secret agent
opponent,opposition
opportunist,self-seeker
opposite,antonym
optative,optative mood
optic,eye
oral,oral exam
orange,orangeness
orderly,hospital attendant
ordinal,ordinal number
ordinary,ordinary bicycle
organic,organic fertilizer
original,master
oscine,oscine bird
outboard,outboard motorboat
outcast,castaway
outlaw,criminal
outside,exterior
oval,ellipse
overall,boilersuit
overcast,cloudiness
overhead,operating expense
overmuch,overabundance
overweight,corpulence
pacifist,pacificist
pagan,heathen
palaeolithic,Paleolithic Age
palatine,palsgrave
pale,picket
paleolithic,Paleolithic Age
palliative,alleviant
pampering,indulgence
panegyric,encomium
paperback,paperback book
parallel,analogue
paramedical,paramedic
paramilitary,paramilitary force
paranoid,paranoiac
parasympathetic,parasympathetic nervous system
parenthetical,parenthetical expression
partial,partial derivative
participial,participle
particular,specific
particulate,particulate matter
partisan,zealot
partizan,enthusiast
parvenu,upstart
pass,base on balls
passerine,passeriform bird
passing,pass
passive,passive voice
past,past times
pastoral,pastorale
pat,rap
patent,patent of invention
patient,affected role
patrician,aristocrat
patronymic,patronym
payable,account payable
paying attention,attentiveness
peacekeeping,peacekeeping mission
peanut,peanut vine
pearly,chopper
pectoral,pectoral muscle
pedal,pedal point
pedestrian,walker
pedigree,lineage
pelecypod,bivalve
pendant,pendent
pendent,pendant
penitentiary,pen
penny-pinching,parsimony
penultimate,penult
percipient,perceiver
peregrine,peregrine falcon
perfect,perfective
peripatetic,Aristotelian
peripheral,computer peripheral
perishable,spoilable
permanent,permanent wave
perpendicular,perpendicular style
persian,Irani
pet,darling
petty,petit larceny
phantom,apparition
pharmaceutic,pharmaceutical
pharmaceutical,pharmaceutic
pharyngeal,guttural
philharmonic,symphony orchestra
philhellene,philhellenist
philistine,anti-intellectual
phoney,hypocrite
phony,hypocrite
pianissimo,piano
piano,pianoforte
piggy,piglet
pink,garden pink
pituitary,pituitary gland
placental,placental mammal
plain,field
plane,airplane
plantigrade,plantigrade mammal
plastic,credit card
platyrrhine,New World monkey
platyrrhinian,New World monkey
plebeian,pleb
plodding,drudgery
plumb,plumb bob
plundering,pillage
pluperfect,past perfect
plural,plural form
plus,asset
pneumogastric,vagus
pokey,jail
poky,jail
polemic,polemicist
polish,gloss
poltroon,craven
polyglot,linguist
polynomial,multinomial
poor,poor people
pop,dad
port,port wine
positioning,placement
positive,positive degree
positivist,rationalist
possessive,genitive
postdoctoral,postdoc
posterior,buttocks
postgraduate,graduate student
postmortem,post-mortem
potable,beverage
potential,potentiality
potty,toilet
praetorian,Praetorian Guard
pragmatic,pragmatic sanction
precedent,case in point
predestinarian,fatalist
preliminary,prelim
premier,Prime Minister
premium,insurance premium
prerequisite,requirement
prescription,prescription drug
present,nowadays
pressing,press
pressor,vasoconstrictor
preteen,preteenager
pretend,make-believe
preventative,preventive
preventive,preventative
primary,primary election
prime,prime quantity
primitive,primitive person
principal,school principal
private,buck private
privy,toilet
prize,award
pro,professional
processional,prosodion
prodigal,profligate
professional,professional person
profligate,rake
prognostic,omen
progressive,progressive tense
projectile,missile
proletarian,prole
prompt,prompting
pronominal,pronominal phrase
proof,cogent evidence
propaedeutic,propaedeutics
propellant,propellent
propellent,propellant
prophylactic,preventive
proprietary,proprietorship
prostate,prostate gland
protozoan,protozoon
provincial,peasant
prying,nosiness
pseudo,imposter
psychoneurotic,neurotic
psychotic,psychotic person
public,populace
puff,puff of air
punk,hood
pureblood,thoroughbred
purebred,thoroughbred
purgative,cathartic
purging,purge
purple,purpleness
purplish-red,purplish red
pursued,chased
pussy,cunt
pyrectic,pyrogen
pyrotechnic,firework
pyrrhic,dibrach
quadratic,quadratic equation
quadrilateral,quadrangle
quadrillionth,one-quadrillionth
quadruple,quartet
quality,caliber
quechuan,Quechua
queer,fagot
questioning,inquiring
quicksilver,mercury
quiet,lull
quincentenary,quincentennial
quincentennial,quincentenary
quintillionth,one-quintillionth
quintuple,quintet
racist,racialist
radial,radial tire
radical,group
radio,radiocommunication
raising,elevation
rallying,rally
rank,rank and file
rash,roseola
rasping,rasp
rational,rational number
rationalist,positivist
rattling,rattle
ravaging,devastation
raw,altogether
razorback,razorback hog
reactionary,ultraconservative
real,real number
rear,backside
rearing,raising
reasoning,logical thinking
receding,fadeout
recent,Holocene
recessional,recession
recessive,recessive allele
reciprocal,multiplicative inverse
recluse,hermit
recreant,poltroon
recusant,nonconformist
red,redness
reflex,reflex response
reflexive,reflexive pronoun
reformatory,reform school
reformist,reformer
refractory,furnace lining
regent,trustee
regular,habitue
regulation,ordinance
rejoicing,exultation
relative,relation
remote,remote control
renegade,deserter
rental,lease
repellant,repellent
repellent,repellant
representative,spokesperson
reprobate,miscreant
reptilian,reptile
requisite,necessity
resident,occupant
residual,remainder
respondent,responder
restorative,tonic
resultant,end point
retarded,mentally retarded
retinal,retinene
revealing,disclosure
reverend,clergyman
reverse,contrary
reverting,backsliding
revolutionary,revolutionist
rhenish,Rhine wine
rhomboid,rhomboid muscle
rich,rich people
right,right field
rightist,right-winger
rising,rise
ritual,rite
roaring,boom
roast,joint
rolling,peal
roly-poly,fatso
romance,love affair
romani,Gypsy
romantic,romanticist
romanticist,sentimentalist
romany,Gypsy
roomy,roommate
rose,rosebush
rotary,traffic circle
rough-and-tumble,hassle
round,unit of ammunition
roundabout,traffic circle
rousing,arousal
routine,modus operandi
roving,wandering
rowdy,bully
royal,royal stag
rubber,natural rubber
ruby,crimson
ruling,opinion
rum,rummy
rumanian,Romanian
rumansh,Romansh
rumbling,rumble
rummy,drunkard
runaway,blowout
running,run
rush,haste
rust,rusting
rustless,rustle
rustling,rustle
sabbatical,sabbatical leave
sable,sable brush
safe,condom
sage,salvia
salientian,frog
saline,saline solution
salt,table salt
salvadorean,Salvadoran
same,Lapp
sapphire,azure
satellite,artificial satellite
savage,barbarian
saving,economy
savory,Micromeria juliana
savoury,savory
scanty,pantie
scapular,scapulary
scarlet,vermilion
schematic,schematic drawing
schizoid,schizotypal personality
scholastic,pedant
scotch,score
scots,Scottish
screaming,scream
screwball,crackpot
scrub,chaparral
scurvy,scorbutus
seafaring,navigation
seasonal,seasonal worker
sec,second
second,sec
secondary,secondary coil
secret,arcanum
sectarian,sectary
secular,layman
sedative,sedative drug
seeing,visual perception
self,ego
self-seeking,opportunism
semiautomatic,semiautomatic pistol
semicentenary,semicentennial
semicentennial,semicentenary
senior,elder
sensitising,sensitizing
sensitive,medium
sensitizing,sensitising
separate,offprint
separatist,separationist
serial,series
servo,servomechanism
sesquipedalian,sesquipedalia
set,exercise set
seven,7
seventeen,17
seventh,one-seventh
seventy,70
seventy-eight,78
sexist,male chauvinist
shakespearean,Shakespearian
shallow,shoal
sham,fake
shaping,defining
sharing,communion
shattering,smashing
sheeny,kike
shifting,shift
shining,polishing
shivering,chill
short,short circuit
shorthand,stenography
shot,shooting
shut-in,invalid
siamese,Thai
sibilant,sibilant consonant
side,face
sign,mark
signal,signaling
silvan,sylvan
silver,Ag
simple,simpleton
singhalese,Sinhalese
singing,vocalizing
single,bingle
singsong,singalong
singular,singular form
sinhala,Sinhalese
sinning,sin
siouan,Sioux
sissy,pantywaist
sitting,posing
six,6
sixteen,16
sixteenth,one-sixteenth
sixth,one-sixth
sixtieth,one-sixtieth
sixty,60
sixty-fourth,one-sixty-fourth
sixty-nine,soixante-neuf
size,sizing
skim,skimming
sky-blue,azure
slack,slump
slaveholding,slavery
slavonic,Slavic
sleeping,quiescence
slick,slickness
slight,rebuff
smart,smarting
smashing,shattering
smelling,smell
smiling,smile
smoking,smoke
sneak,prowler
snub,rebuff
snuff,sniff
snug,cubby
soaring,glide
sociable,social
social,sociable
sole,fillet of sole
solid,solidness
solitary,solitary confinement
solvent,dissolvent
somali,Somalian
sonant,voiced sound
sophomore,soph
soporific,hypnotic
soprano,treble
sorrel,oxalis
sound,auditory sensation
sour,sourness
southeast,sou'-east
southeastward,southeast
southerly,south wind
southward,south
southwest,sou'-west
southwestward,southwest
sovereign,crowned head
spare,spare part
sparkling,twinkle
speaking,speech production
specific,particular
speckless,spot
spendthrift,spend-all
spic,spik
spick,spic
spinal,spinal anesthesia
spiral,helix
spirant,fricative consonant
spiritual,Negro spiritual
spiritualist,medium
splayfoot,flatfoot
split,rip
spoilable,perishable
sprawling,sprawl
spread,spreading
squab,dove
square,foursquare
squat,knee bend
squint,strabismus
stable,stalls
stainless,stainless steel
stalwart,loyalist
standard,criterion
standby,understudy
staple,basic
star,ace
starting,start
starving,starvation
static,atmospherics
statute,legislative act
stay-at-home,homebody
steady,sweetheart
stereo,stereophony
stern,after part
sternutatory,sternutator
stick-in-the-mud,plodder
stiff,cadaver
stifling,suppression
stigmatic,stigmatist
still,hush
stimulant,stimulation
stinging,sting
stipendiary,stipendiary magistrate
stirring,inspiration
stock,inventory
stone,rock
straight,heterosexual
straightaway,straight
straining,strain
strait,sound
straw,chaff
streaming,cyclosis
strep,streptococcus
stretch,reach
striking,contact
stupid,stupid person
styptic,astringent
subconscious,subconscious mind
subject,topic
subjunctive,subjunctive mood
submarine,pigboat
submersible,submersible warship
subordinate,subsidiary
subscript,inferior
subsidiary,subordinate
substitute,replacement
subversive,revolutionist
sudorific,sudatory
suffering,agony
summary,sum-up
sunrise,dawn
sunset,sundown
super,superintendent
superior,higher-up
superlative,acme
supernatural,occult
supernumerary,spear carrier
superordinate,superior
superscript,superior
suppliant,petitioner
supplicant,prayer
supporting,support
surd,voiceless consonant
surface,Earth's surface
surplus,excess
surrogate,alternate
suspect,defendant
swagger,swagman
swank,chic
sweetheart,sweetie
swell,crestless wave
swimming,swim
swinging,swing
sylvan,silvan
synthetic,synthetic substance
tabby,tabby cat
taboo,tabu
tabu,taboo
tai,Thai
takeout,takeout food
taking,pickings
tan,suntan
tangerine,tangerine tree
tarsal,tarsal bone
tart,prostitute
tatterdemalion,ragamuffin
taunting,twit
tax-exempt,tax-exempt security
teal,bluish green
tearing,lacrimation
teasing,tease
technical,technical foul
teen,adolescent
telling,relation
telltale,tattletale
tellurian,earthling
tempering,annealing
temporal,temporal role
temporary,temp
ten,10
ten thousand,10000
tender,legal tender
tending,care
tenor,tenor voice
tenth,one-tenth
terminal,terminus
ternary,three
terpsichorean,dancer
territorial,territorial reserve
testate,testator
testimonial,testimony
tete-a-tete,love seat
textbook,text
textile,fabric
theatrical,theatrical performance
thenar,palm
therapeutic,remedy
thermoplastic,thermoplastic resin
thespian,actor
thick,midst
thickening,thickener
thieving,larceny
thinking,thought
third,one-third
thirteen,13
thirty,30
thirty-second,one-thirty-second
thoroughbred,purebred
thousand,one thousand
thousandth,one-thousandth
three,3
throbbing,throb
throwaway,street arab
throwback,atavist
thumping,thump
thwarting,frustration
thyroid,thyroid gland
tickling,tickle
timid,cautious
tingling,prickling
tiptop,acme
token,item
tonic,tonic water
top,top side
tops,top
torturing,torture
total,sum
touching,touch
tough,street fighter
toxicant,poison
traditionalist,diehard
tramontane,tramontana
transitive,transitive verb
transsexual,transexual
transvestite,cross-dresser
treble,soprano
trembling,shaking
tributary,feeder
tricolor,tricolour
triennial,tercentennial
trifling,dalliance
trig,trigonometry
trilateral,triangle
trillion,million
trillionth,one-trillionth
trim,trimness
triple,three-base hit
truant,hooky player
tubeless,tubeless tire
tubercular,consumptive
turbinate,turbinate bone
turkic,Turki
turkmen,Turkoman
twelfth,one-twelfth
twelve,12
twenty,20
twenty-eight,28
twenty-five,25
twenty-four,24
twenty-nine,29
twenty-one,21
twenty-seven,27
twenty-six,26
twenty-three,23
twenty-two,22
twilight,dusk
twin,Gemini
twinkling,blink of an eye
twisting,distortion
two,2
two-piece,two-piece suit
u,uracil
ultraconservative,reactionary
ultramarine,ultramarine blue
ultraviolet,ultraviolet radiation
umber,chocolate
umbilical,umbilical cord
unabridged,unabridged dictionary
unconscious,unconscious mind
underclass,lower class
underground,resistance
understanding,apprehension
unemployed,unemployed people
unfortunate,unfortunate person
unguiculate,unguiculate mammal
ungulate,hoofed mammal
uniate,Uniat
union,labor union
univalve,gastropod
universal,linguistic universal
unknowing,ignorantness
unknown,unknown region
unmentionable,undergarment
unseen,spiritual world
untouchable,Harijan
upbeat,wellbeing
upland,highland
upper,upper berth
uppercase,capital
upright,vertical
upset,disturbance
upstart,parvenu
utility,public utility
utmost,uttermost
uttermost,utmost
v,volt
vagabond,vagrant
vagrant,drifter
valedictory,valediction
vanilla,vanilla extract
variable,variable quantity
variant,discrepancy
vaulting,curvet
velar,velar consonant
vermilion,scarlet
vernacular,slang
versed,midazolam
vertebrate,craniate
vertical,upright
vesicant,vesicatory
vesicatory,vesicant
veteran,veteran soldier
veterinary,veterinarian
vi,six
vii,seven
viii,eight
violet,reddish blue
virgin,Virgo
virginal,pair of virginals
virtuoso,ace
visionary,illusionist
vocal,vocal music
vocative,vocative case
void,nothingness
voltaic,Gur
voluntary,volunteer
volunteer,military volunteer
voluptuary,sybarite
volute,spiral
wailing,bawling
waiting,wait
walk-in,waltz
walk-up,walk-up apartment
walking,walk
walloping,thrashing
wan,wide area network
wandering,roving
warming,heating
warning,admonition
waste,waste material
waterproof,raincoat
wavering,hesitation
wearable,clothing
wearing,erosion
weather,weather condition
wed,Wednesday
weeping,crying
weird,Wyrd
well,wellspring
welsh,Welshman
westerly,prevailing westerly
westward,west
wet,moisture
whacking,beating
whipping,tanning
whirring,whir
whispering,rustle
whole,unit
wild,natural state
wildcat,wildcat well
willing,volition
winding,wind
windup,completion
winking,blink
wireless,radio
withering,atrophy
wizard,ace
womanlike,womanliness
won,South Korean won
woolen,wool
woollen,wool
working,workings
world,universe
worrying,badgering
worsening,deterioration
wound,lesion
wounded,maimed
wounding,wound
wrong,wrongfulness
x,ten
xc,ninety
xi,eleven
xii,twelve
xiii,thirteen
xiv,fourteen
xix,nineteen
xl,forty
xv,fifteen
xvi,sixteen
xvii,seventeen
xviii,eighteen
xx,twenty
xxi,twenty-one
xxii,twenty-two
xxiii,twenty-three
xxiv,twenty-four
xxix,twenty-nine
xxv,twenty-five
xxvi,twenty-six
xxvii,twenty-seven
xxviii,twenty-eight
xxx,thirty
yawning,yawn
yearly,annual
yellow,yellowness
yielding,giving up
young,offspring
yugoslavian,Yugoslav
zairean,Zairese
zany,fathead
zero,nothing
zigzag,zig
zillion,million
zygomatic,cheekbone
ad,advertisement
alas,ala
alias,assumed name
altogether,raw
as,arsenic
aside,digression
bang,knock
boiling,stewing
bolt,thunderbolt
ce,cerium
cf,californium
chock,wedge
closer,finisher
common era,Christian era
con,convict
course,course of study
crossways,intersection
dripping,drippage
eastwards,east
first class,1st class
flop,floating-point operation
forwards,forward
heaps,tons
heart and soul,kernel
hereafter,afterlife
horseback,hogback
ie,Internet Explorer
item,point
knee-high,knee-hi
langsyne,auld langsyne
longer,thirster
longways,longways dance
lots,tons
meantime,interim
meanwhile,interim
midweek,Wednesday
needs,need
nor'-east,northeast
nor'-nor'-east,north northeast
nor'-nor'-west,north northwest
nor'-west,northwest
northwards,north
nothing,nil
nowadays,present
outdoors,out-of-doors
overtime,extra time
p.a.,public address system
part,portion
piping,pipe
plenty,plentifulness
plum,plum tree
plunk,plunker
rearwards,rearward
seawards,seaward
second class,cabin class
slap,smack
smack,slap
smash,knock
so,sol
soaking,soak
sooner,Oklahoman
sou'-east,southeast
sou'-sou'-east,south southeast
sou'-sou'-west,south southwest
southwards,south
tandem,bicycle-built-for-two
thus,frankincense
tout ensemble,ensemble
vis-a-vis,counterpart
viva voce,oral
way,manner
westwards,west
's gravenhage,The Hague
.22,twenty-two
1-dodecanol,lauryl alcohol
1-hitter,one-hitter
10000,ten thousand
100000,hundred thousand
1000000,million
1000000000,billion
1000000000000,trillion
11-plus,eleven-plus
11 november,Martinmas
12-tone music,twelve-tone music
12-tone system,twelve-tone music
144,gross
14 july,Bastille Day
15 august 1945,V-J Day
15 minutes,quarter-hour
16 pf,Sixteen Personality Factor Questionnaire
1728,great gross
17 november,Revolutionary Organization 17 November
1880s,eighties
1890s,nineties
1920s,twenties
1930s,thirties
1940s,forties
1950s,fifties
1960s,sixties
1970s,seventies
1980s,eighties
1990s,nineties
1 chronicles,I Chronicles
1 esdras,I Esdra
1 kings,I Kings
1 maccabees,I Maccabees
1 samuel,I Samuel
1st-class mail,first class
1st baron beaverbrook,Beaverbrook
1st baron verulam,Bacon
1st class,first class
1st earl attlee,Attlee
1st earl baldwin of bewdley,Baldwin
1st earl of balfour,Balfour
1st lieutenant,first lieutenant
1st viscount montgomery of alamein,Montgomery
2-hitter,two-hitter
2-hydroxybenzoic acid,salicylic acid
2-methylpropenoic acid,methacrylic acid
20/20,twenty-twenty
24-hour interval,day
24-karat gold,pure gold
2 chronicles,II Chronicles
2 esdras,II Esdras
2 kings,II Kings
2 maccabees,II Maccabees
2 samuel,II Samuel
2nd lieutenant,second lieutenant
3-d,three-D
3-hitter,three-hitter
30 minutes,half-hour
365 days,common year
366 days,leap year
3d,three-D
3d radar,three-dimensional radar
3rd october organization,Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia
3tc,lamivudine
4-hitter,four-hitter
401-k,401-k plan
401-k plan,401-k
440 yards,quarter mile
4to,quarto
4wd,four-wheel drive
5-hitter,five-hitter
5-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme a reductase,HMG-CoA reductase
5-hydroxytryptamine,serotonin
60 minutes,hour
6 june 1944,D-day
880 yards,half mile
8 may 1945,V-E Day
8vo,octavo
9-11,9/11
9/11,9-11
a,angstrom
a-bomb,atom bomb
a. a. michelson,Michelson
a. a. milne,Milne
a. conan doyle,Conan Doyle
a. e. burnside,Burnside
a. e. housman,Housman
a. e. kennelly,Kennelly
a. e. w. mason,Mason
a. noam chomsky,Chomsky
a. testudineus,climbing perch
a.e.,Russell
a capella singing,a cappella singing
a cappella singing,a capella singing
a horizon,A-horizon
aa,Alcoholics Anonymous
aaa,abdominal aortic aneurysm
aaland islands,Aland islands
aar,Aare
aardvark,ant bear
aardwolf,Proteles cristata
aare river,Aare
aarhus,Arhus
aaron's rod,common mullein
aaron burr,Burr
aaron copland,Copland
aaron montgomery ward,Ward
aarp,Association for the Advancement of Retired Persons
aas,Associate in Applied Science
aave,African American Vernacular English
ab,Bachelor of Arts
aba transit number,bank identification number
abaca,Manila hemp
abalone,ear-shell
abamp,abampere
abampere,abamp
abandon,wantonness
abandoned infant,foundling
abandoned ship,derelict
abandonment,forsaking
abasement,degradation
abashment,bashfulness
abatement,suspension
abatement of a nuisance,nuisance abatement
abatis,abattis
abattis,abatis
abattoir,butchery
abb,Alex Boncayao Brigade
abbess,mother superior
abbot,archimandrite
abbott lawrence lowell,Lowell
abbreviator,abridger
abc,rudiment
abc's,rudiment
abcs,rudiment
abdias,Obadiah
abdication,stepping down
abdomen,venter
abdominal aortic aneurysm,AAA
abdominal cavity,abdomen
abdominal delivery,cesarean delivery
abdominal external oblique muscle,external oblique muscle
abdominal muscle,abdominal
abdominal nerve plexus,solar plexus
abdominocentesis,paracentesis
abdominoplasty,tummy tuck
abdominousness,paunchiness
abducens,abducent
abducens muscle,lateral rectus muscle
abducens nerve,abducent
abducent nerve,abducent
abductor,kidnapper
abductor muscle,abductor
abel janszoon tasman,Tasman
abel tasman,Tasman
abele,white poplar
abelmoschus esculentus,okra
abelmoschus moschatus,abelmosk
abelmosk,musk mallow
abenaki,Abnaki
aberrance,aberrancy
aberrancy,aberrance
aberration,aberrance
abetment,abettal
abettal,abetment
abetter,abettor
abettor,abetter
abeyance,suspension
abhorrence,abomination
abidance,conformity
abies alba,European silver fir
abies amabilis,amabilis fir
abies balsamea,balsam fir
abies bracteata,Santa Lucia fir
abies concolor,white fir
abies fraseri,Fraser fir
abies grandis,lowland fir
abies lasiocarpa,Alpine fir
abies lowiana,white fir
abies venusta,Santa Lucia fir
abila,Jebel Musa
ability,power
abiogenesis,autogenesis
abjection,abasement
abjuration,retraction
abkhas,Abkhaz
abkhasian,Abkhaz
abkhazia,Abkhaz
ablactation,weaning
ablation,extirpation
ablative case,ablative
able-bodied seaman,able seaman
able-bodiedism,ableism
able-bodism,ableism
able seaman,able-bodied seaman
ableism,ablism
ablism,ableism
abls,Bachelor of Arts in Library Science
abm,antiballistic missile
abnegation,self-abnegation
abnormal psychology,psychopathology
abnormalcy,abnormality
abnormality,abnormalcy
abo,Aborigine
abo group,ABO blood group system
abo system,ABO blood group system
abode,residence
abolishment,abolition
abolition,abolishment
abolitionist,emancipationist
abomasum,fourth stomach
abominable snowman,yeti
abomination,abhorrence
abominator,loather
abor,Miri
aboriginal australian,Australian
aborigine,native
aborticide,abortifacient
abortion,miscarriage
abortion-inducing drug,abortifacient
abortion pill,mifepristone
aboulia,abulia
about-face,about turn
about turn,about-face
abradant,abrasive
abrader,abradant
abraham lincoln,Lincoln
abraham stoker,Stoker
abramis brama,European bream
abrasion,scratch
abrasive material,abrasive
abrasiveness,harshness
abreaction,catharsis
abridgement,condensation
abridger,abbreviator
abridgment,condensation
abrocome,chinchilla rat
abrogation,repeal
abronia elliptica,snowball
abronia fragrans,sweet sand verbena
abronia latifolia,yellow sand verbena
abronia maritima,beach pancake
abronia umbellata,beach sand verbena
abronia villosa,desert sand verbena
abruption,breaking off
abruptly-pinnate leaf,even-pinnate leaf
abruptness,brusqueness
abruzzi e molise,Abruzzi
abs,acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene
abscission,cutting off
abscondment,decampment
abseil,rappel
abseiler,rappeller
absence,absence seizure
absence seizure,absence
absence without leave,unauthorized absence
absinth,absinthe
absinthe,common wormwood
absinthe oil,wormwood oil
absolute frequency,frequency
absolute majority,majority
absolute pitch,perfect pitch
absolute scale,Kelvin scale
absolute value,numerical value
absolute viscosity,coefficient of viscosity
absoluteness,starkness
absolution,remission
absolutism,tyranny
absorbance,optical density
absorbent material,absorbent
absorptance,absorption coefficient
absorption,soaking up
absorption coefficient,coefficient of absorption
absorption factor,absorptivity
absorptivity,absorption factor
abstainer,ascetic
abstention,abstinence
abstinence,abstention
abstract art,abstractionism
abstract artist,abstractionist
abstract entity,abstraction
abstract thought,reasoning
abstractedness,abstraction
abstracter,abstractor
abstraction,abstract
abstractionism,abstract art
abstractor,abstracter
abstruseness,obscureness
abstrusity,reconditeness
absurdity,absurdness
absurdness,absurdity
abu ali al-husain ibn abdallah ibn sina,Avicenna
abu nidal organization,Fatah Revolutionary Council
abudefduf saxatilis,sergeant major
abukir bay,Abukir
abul-walid mohammed ibn-ahmad ibn-mohammed ibn-roshd,Averroes
abulia,aboulia
abundance,copiousness
abuse,maltreatment
abuser,maltreater
abutilon theophrasti,velvetleaf
aby moritz warburg,Warburg
aby warburg,Warburg
abyla,Jebel Musa
abysm,abyss
abyss,abysm
abyssinia,Ethiopia
abyssinian cat,Abyssinian
ac,actinium
acacia auriculiformis,black wattle
acacia cambegei,gidgee
acacia catechu,catechu
acacia dealbata,silver wattle
acacia farnesiana,huisache
acacia melanoxylon,lightwood
acacia pycnantha,golden wattle
acacia xanthophloea,fever tree
academe,academia
academia,academe
academic degree,degree
academic gown,academic robe
academic robe,academic gown
academic session,school term
academic term,school term
academic year,school year
academician,schoolman
academicism,scholasticism
academism,scholasticism
academy,honorary society
acalypha virginica,three-seeded mercury
acantha,spur
acanthisitta chloris,rifleman bird
acanthisittidae,Xenicidae
acanthocephalan,spiny-headed worm
acanthocereus pentagonus,pitahaya cactus
acanthocereus tetragonus,pitahaya cactus
acanthocybium solandri,wahoo
acanthoma,skin tumor
acanthophis antarcticus,death adder
acanthopterygian,spiny-finned fish
acanthoscelides obtectus,bean weevil
acanthosis nigricans,keratosis nigricans
acanthurus chirurgus,doctorfish
acanthus family,Acanthaceae
acanthus mollis,bear's breech
acapnia,hypocapnia
acapulco de juarez,Acapulco
acaracide,acaricide
acariasis,acariosis
acaricide,acaracide
acaridiasis,acariasis
acariosis,acariasis
acaroid resin,accaroid resin
acarus,genus Acarus
acaryote,akaryocyte
acc,Air Combat Command
accaroid resin,acaroid resin
acceleration,quickening
accelerator,accelerator pedal
accelerator factor,proaccelerin
accelerator pedal,accelerator
accent,speech pattern
accent mark,accent
accenting,emphasizing
accentual system,prosodic system
accentuation,emphasizing
acceptability,acceptableness
acceptableness,acceptability
acceptance,credence
acceptation,word meaning
acceptor rna,transfer RNA
access,entree
access code,access
access road,slip road
accessibility,handiness
accession,addition
accessory cephalic vein,vena cephalica accessoria
accessory fruit,pseudocarp
accessory hemiazygos vein,accessory hemiazygous vein
accessory hemiazygous vein,accessory hemiazygos vein
accessory nerve,spinal accessory
accessory vertebral vein,vena vertebralis accessoria
accho,Acre
acciaccatura,grace note
accidence,inflectional morphology
accident,stroke
accident surgery,traumatology
accidental injury,injury
accipiter cooperii,Cooper's hawk
accipiter gentilis,goshawk
accipiter nisus,sparrow hawk
acclaim,acclamation
acclamation,acclaim
acclimation,acclimatization
acclimatisation,acclimatization
acclimatization,acclimatisation
acclivity,ascent
accolade,award
accommodating iol,accommodating lens implant
accommodating lens implant,accommodating IOL
accommodation,adjustment
accommodator,obliger
accompaniment,concomitant
accompanist,accompanyist
accompanying vein,vena comitans
accompanyist,accompanist
accomplice,confederate
accomplished fact,fait accompli
accomplishment,achievement
accord,agreement
accordance,accord
accordance of rights,accordance
accordion,piano accordion
accordion door,folding door
accouchement,childbirth
accoucheur,obstetrician
accoucheuse,midwife
account,history
account book,ledger
account executive,account representative
account payable,payable
account representative,account executive
account statement,account
accountability,answerability
accountancy,accounting
accountant,comptroller
accounting,accountancy
accounting entry,entry
accounting principle,accounting standard
accounting standard,accounting principle
accounting system,accounting
accouterment,accessory
accoutrement,accessory
accretion,accumulation
accroides,acaroid resin
accroides gum,acaroid resin
accroides resin,acaroid resin
accrual,accumulation
accruement,accumulation
acculturation,socialization
accumulation,accretion
accumulator,collector
accumulator register,accumulator
accuracy,truth
accusal,accusation
accusation,accusal
accusative case,accusative
acebutolol,Sectral
acedia,sloth
acellular slime mold,true slime mold
acephalia,acephaly
acephalism,acephalia
acephaly,acephalia
acer argutum,pointed-leaf maple
acer campestre,hedge maple
acer circinatum,vine maple
acer glabrum,dwarf maple
acer japonicum,Japanese maple
acer macrophyllum,Oregon maple
acer negundo,box elder
acer negundo californicum,California box elder
acer palmatum,Japanese maple
acer pennsylvanicum,moosewood
acer platanoides,Norway maple
acer pseudoplatanus,sycamore
acer rubrum,red maple
acer saccharinum,silver maple
acer saccharum,sugar maple
acer spicatum,mountain maple
acerate leaf,needle
acerbity,tartness
acerola,barbados cherry
acetabulum,cotyloid cavity
acetaldehyde,ethanal
acetamide,ethanamide
acetaminophen,Datril
acetanilid,acetanilide
acetanilide,acetanilid
acetate,ethanoate
acetate disk,phonograph recording disk
acetate rayon,acetate
acetic acid,ethanoic acid
acetone,propanone
acetone body,ketone body
acetonemia,ketonemia
acetonuria,ketonuria
acetophenetidin,acetphenetidin
acetphenetidin,acetophenetidin
acetum,vinegar
acetyl,acetyl group
acetyl chloride,ethanoyl chloride
acetyl group,acetyl
acetyl radical,acetyl
acetylene,ethyne
acetylsalicylic acid,aspirin
achaian,Achaean
ache,aching
acherontia atropos,death's-head moth
acheta assimilis,field cricket
acheta domestica,European house cricket
achievability,attainability
achievement,accomplishment
achiever,winner
achille ratti,Pius XI
achillea millefolium,yarrow
achillea ptarmica,sneezeweed yarrow
achimenes,hot water plant
achira,indian shot
achmad sukarno,Sukarno
achoerodus gouldii,pigfish
acholia,cholestasis
achondroplasia,achondroplasty
achondroplasty,achondroplasia
achras zapota,sapodilla
achromasia,lividness
achromatic color,achromatic colour
achromatic colour,achromatic color
achromaticity,colorlessness
achromatism,colorlessness
achromycin,tetracycline
achylia,achylia gastrica
achylia gastrica,achylia
acid-base balance,acid-base equilibrium
acid-base equilibrium,acid-base balance
acid anhydrides,acyl anhydrides
acid halide,acyl halide
acid hydrogen,acidic hydrogen
acid precipitation,acid rain
acid rain,acid precipitation
acid rock,psychedelic rock
acidic hydrogen,acid hydrogen
acidity,sourness
acidophil,acidophile
acidophile,acidophil
acidophilus,Lactobacillus acidophilus
acidulousness,acidity
acinonyx jubatus,cheetah
acinos arvensis,basil thyme
acipenser huso,beluga
acipenser transmontanus,Pacific sturgeon
ack-ack,antiaircraft
ack-ack gun,antiaircraft
ackee,akee
acknowledgement,recognition
acknowledgment,recognition
aclant,Allied Command Atlantic
aclinic line,magnetic equator
acme,height
acne rosacea,rosacea
acocanthera oblongifolia,winter sweet
acocanthera oppositifolia,bushman's poison
acocanthera spectabilis,winter sweet
acocanthera venenata,bushman's poison
acokanthera,Acocanthera
aconitum lycoctonum,wolfsbane
aconitum napellus,monkshood
acores,Azores
acorn barnacle,rock barnacle
acorn cup,cupule
acorus calamus,sweet flag
acousma,auditory hallucination
acoustic aphasia,auditory aphasia
acoustic delay line,sonic delay line
acoustic gramophone,gramophone
acoustic impedance,acoustic resistance
acoustic meatus,auditory meatus
acoustic nerve,auditory nerve
acoustic power,sound pressure level
acoustic projection,projection
acoustic reactance,acoustic resistance
acoustic resistance,acoustic impedance
acoustic spectrum,sound spectrum
acoustic wave,sound wave
acousticophobia,phonophobia
acoustics,acoustic
acquaintance,familiarity
acquaintanceship,acquaintance
acquiescence,assent
acquired immune deficiency syndrome,AIDS
acquired reflex,conditional reflex
acquirement,skill
acquirer,merchant bank
acquiring,getting
acquisition,learning
acquisition agreement,merger agreement
acquittance,release
acragas,Agrigento
acreage,land area
acres,estate
acridid,short-horned grasshopper
acridity,acridness
acridness,acridity
acridotheres tristis,crested myna
acrilan,polypropenonitrile
acrimony,bitterness
acris crepitans,northern cricket frog
acris gryllus,eastern cricket frog
acroanaesthesia,acroanesthesia
acroanesthesia,acroanaesthesia
acrobatic feat,acrobatic stunt
acrobatic stunt,acrobatic feat
acrobatics,tumbling
acrocarp,acrocarpous moss
acrocarpous moss,acrocarp
acrocarpus fraxinifolius,shingle tree
acrocephalus schoenobaenus,sedge warbler
acrocephaly,oxycephaly
acroclinium roseum,pink-and-white everlasting
acrocomia aculeata,grugru
acrocomia vinifera,coyol
acrocyanosis,Raynaud's sign
acrolein,propenal
acromegalia,acromegaly
acromegaly,acromegalia
acromial process,acromion
acromicria,acromikria
acromikria,acromicria
acromion,acromial process
acrostic,word square
acrostichum aureum,golden fern
acrylate,propenoate
acrylate resin,acrylic
acrylic,acrylic fiber
acrylic acid,propenoic acid
acrylic fiber,acrylic
acrylic paint,acrylic
acrylic resin,acrylic
acrylonitrile,propenonitrile
acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene,ABS
act,enactment
act of terrorism,terrorism
actaea alba,white baneberry
actaea rubra,red baneberry
acth,adrenocorticotropic hormone
actias luna,luna moth
actinaria,Actiniaria
actinian,actinia
actiniarian,actinia
actinic radiation,actinic ray
actinic ray,actinic radiation
actinide,actinoid
actinidia arguta,bower actinidia
actinidia chinensis,Chinese gooseberry
actinidia deliciosa,Chinese gooseberry
actinidia polygama,silvervine
actinium,Ac
actinomeris alternifolia,wingstem
actinon,actinoid
actinotherapy,radiotherapy
actinozoa,Anthozoa
actinozoan,anthozoan
action,activity
action at law,legal action
action mechanism,action
action painting,Abstract Expressionism
action plant,sensitive plant
action replay,replay
actitis hypoleucos,European sandpiper
actitis macularia,spotted sandpiper
activase,tissue plasminogen activator
activated carbon,activated charcoal
activated charcoal,activated carbon
activation,energizing
activation energy,energy of activation
active agent,active
active voice,active
activeness,action
activewear,sportswear
activity,action
actor,histrion
actor's agent,theatrical agent
actor's assistant,dresser
actor's line,speech
acts,Acts of the Apostles
actual damages,compensatory damages
actualisation,realization
actualization,realization
actuarial table,statistical table
actuary,statistician
actuation,propulsion
actus reus,wrongdoing
acuity,visual acuity
acular,ketorolac tromethamine
acumen,insightfulness
acupressure,G-Jo
acupuncture,stylostixis
acute-angled triangle,acute triangle
acute accent,acute
acute anterior poliomyelitis,poliomyelitis
acute brain disorder,acute organic brain syndrome
acute glaucoma,closed-angle glaucoma
acute inclusion body encephalitis,herpes simplex encephalitis
acute kidney failure,acute renal failure
acute lymphoblastic leukemia,acute lymphocytic leukemia
acute lymphocytic leukemia,acute lymphoblastic leukemia
acute myelocytic leukemia,acute myeloid leukemia
acute myeloid leukemia,acute myelocytic leukemia
acute organic brain syndrome,acute brain disorder
acute renal failure,acute kidney failure
acute schizophrenic episode,reactive schizophrenia
acute triangle,acute-angled triangle
acuteness,acuity
acyclovir,Zovirax
acyl,acyl group
acyl anhydrides,acid anhydrides
acyl group,acyl
acyl halide,acid halide
acylglycerol,glyceride
ad agency,advertising agency
ad blitz,advertising campaign
ad campaign,advertising campaign
ad valorem tax,VAT
ada,adenosine deaminase
adactylia,adactyly
adactylism,adactylia
adactyly,adactylia
adage,proverb
adalia,Antalya
adalia bipunctata,two-spotted ladybug
adam's apple,crape jasmine
adam's needle-and-thread,Adam's needle
adam-and-eve,puttyroot
adam smith,Smith
adamance,obduracy
adams-stokes syndrome,heart block
adansonia digitata,baobab
adansonia gregorii,cream-of-tartar tree
adapid group,Adapid
adapin,doxepin
adaptation,version
adapter,arranger
adaption,adaptation
adaptor,adapter
adar sheni,Veadar
add,attention deficit disorder
add-in,circuit board
add-on,addition
addax,Addax nasomaculatus
addax nasomaculatus,addax
addendum,supplement
adder,common viper
adder's fern,common polypody
adder's tongue,adder's tongue fern
adder's tongue fern,adder's tongue
addict,nut
addiction,dependence
adding machine,totalizer
addison's syndrome,Addison's disease
addition,add-on
addle-head,addlehead
addlehead,addle-head
address,computer address
addressing machine,Addressograph
addressograph,addressing machine
adductor,adductor muscle
adductor muscle,adductor
ade,fruit drink
adelges abietis,spruce gall aphid
adelges piceae,balsam woolly aphid
adelie coast,Adelie Land
adelie penguin,Adelie
adeline virginia stephen woolf,Woolf
aden-abyan islamic army,Islamic Army of Aden
adenanthera pavonina,coralwood
adenine,A
adenium multiflorum,impala lily
adenium obesum,impala lily
adenocarcinoma,glandular cancer
adenohypophysis,anterior pituitary
adenomyosarcoma,Wilms' tumor
adenomyosis,endometriosis
adenosine deaminase,ADA
adenosine diphosphate,ADP
adenosine monophosphate,AMP
adenosine triphosphate,ATP
adenosis,glandular disease
adenota vardoni,puku
adenylic acid,adenosine monophosphate
adeptness,adroitness
adequacy,adequateness
adequateness,adequacy
ader wax,earth wax
adermin,vitamin B6
adh,vasopressin
adhd,attention deficit disorder
adherence,attachment
adhesion,adhesiveness
adhesion contract,contract of adhesion
adhesive agent,adhesive material
adhesive friction,grip
adhesive material,adhesive agent
adhesive plaster,plaster
adhesiveness,adhesion
adiantum bellum,Bermuda maidenhair
adiantum capillus-veneris,common maidenhair
adiantum pedatum,American maidenhair fern
adiantum tenerum,brittle maidenhair
adiantum tenerum farleyense,Farley maidenhair
adieu,adios
adios,adieu
adipic acid,hexanedioic acid
adipose cell,fat cell
adipose tissue,fat
adipose tumor,lipoma
adiposeness,adiposity
adiposis,corpulence
adiposity,adiposeness
adirondack mountains,Adirondacks
adjacency,contiguity
adjournment,dissolution
adjunction,junction
adjustable spanner,adjustable wrench
adjustable wrench,adjustable spanner
adjuster,adjustor
adjustment,accommodation
adjustor,adjuster
adjutant,aide
adjutant bird,adjutant
adjutant stork,adjutant bird
adlai ewing stevenson,Stevenson
adlai stevenson,Stevenson
adlumia fungosa,climbing fumitory
adman,advertiser
administration,disposal
administrative body,administrative unit
administrative data processing,business data processing
administrative district,administrative division
administrative division,administrative district
administrative official,bureaucrat
administrative unit,administrative body
administrator,decision maker
admirability,admirableness
admirableness,admirability
admiral,full admiral
admiral byrd,Byrd
admiral dewey,Dewey
admiral nelson,Nelson
admiral nimitz,Nimitz
admiralty brass,naval brass
admiralty law,maritime law
admiralty metal,naval brass
admiralty mile,nautical mile
admiration,esteem
admirer,supporter
admission,admittance
admission charge,entrance fee
admission fee,entrance fee
admission price,entrance fee
admittance,entree
admixture,alloy
admonisher,monitor
admonishment,admonition
admonition,monition
adnexa,annexa
ado,bustle
adobe,adobe brick
adobe brick,adobe
adobe house,sod house
adobe lily,pink fritillary
adolf eichmann,Eichmann
adolf hitler,Hitler
adolf loos,Loos
adolf windaus,Windaus
adolph simon ochs,Ochs
adolphe sax,Sax
adonic line,Adonic
adonis annua,pheasant's-eye
adopter,adoptive parent
adoption,acceptance
adoptive parent,adopter
adorability,adorableness
adorableness,adorability
adoration,worship
adorer,admirer
adp,adenosine diphosphate
adp system,computer system
adps,computer system
adrenal cortical steroid,corticosteroid
adrenal gland,adrenal
adrenalectomy,suprarenalectomy
adrenalin,epinephrine
adrenaline,epinephrine
adrenergic drug,adrenergic
adrenocorticotrophic hormone,adrenocorticotropic hormone
adrenocorticotrophin,adrenocorticotropic hormone
adrenocorticotropic hormone,adrenocorticotrophic hormone
adrenocorticotropin,adrenocorticotropic hormone
adrian,Hadrian
adrianople,Edirne
adrianopolis,Edirne
adriatic sea,Adriatic
adroitness,adeptness
adsorbent material,adsorbent
adsorption,surface assimilation
adsuki bean,adzuki bean
adulator,flatterer
adult-onset diabetes,type II diabetes
adult-onset diabetes mellitus,type II diabetes
adult female,woman
adult female body,woman's body
adult male,man
adult male body,man's body
adult respiratory distress syndrome,ARDS
adult tooth,permanent tooth
adulteration,debasement
adulterator,adulterant
adulterer,fornicator
adulteress,fornicatress
adultery,criminal conversation
adulthood,maturity
adumbration,prefiguration
advancement,promotion
advantage,vantage
advantageousness,favorableness
advent,coming
adventitia,tunic
adventure,escapade
adventure story,heroic tale
adventurer,venturer
adventurousness,venturesomeness
adversary,antagonist
adverse witness,hostile witness
adversity,hardship
advert,ad
advertence,advertency
advertency,advertence
advertisement,ad
advertiser,advertizer
advertising,ad
advertising agency,ad agency
advertising campaign,ad campaign
advertising department,advertising division
advertising division,advertising department
advertizement,ad
advertizer,advertiser
advertizing,ad
advil,ibuprofen
advisement,deliberation
adviser,advisor
advisor,adviser
advisory board,planning board
advocacy,protagonism
advocate,advocator
advocator,advocate
adz,adze
adze,adz
adzharia,Adzhar
adzuki bean,adsuki bean
aec,Atomic Energy Commission
aedes aegypti,yellow-fever mosquito
aedes albopictus,Asian tiger mosquito
aegadean islands,Egadi Islands
aegadean isles,Egadi Islands
aegates,Egadi Islands
aegean civilisation,Aegean civilization
aegean culture,Aegean civilization
aegean sea,Aegean
aegiceras majus,black mangrove
aegilops triuncalis,goat grass
aegir,tidal bore
aegis,auspices
aegospotamos,Aegospotami
aegypius monachus,black vulture
aelius donatus,Donatus
aeneas silvius,Pius II
aengus,Angus Og
aeolia,Aeolis
aeolian harp,aeolian lyre
aeolian lyre,aeolian harp
aeolic dialect,Aeolic
aeon,eon
aeonium haworthii,pinwheel
aepyceros melampus,impala
aepyornis,elephant bird
aerial ladder truck,ladder truck
aerial tramway,tramway
aerie,aery
aerobatics,acrobatics
aerobic exercise,aerobics
aerobics,aerobic exercise
aerodrome,airport
aerodynamic lift,lift
aerodynamics,aeromechanics
aeroembolism,air embolism
aerofoil,airfoil
aerogenerator,windmill
aerogram,airmail letter
aerogramme,airmail letter
aeromechanics,aerodynamics
aeromedicine,aerospace medicine
aeronaut,aviator
aeronautics,astronautics
aerophyte,air plant
aeroplane,airplane
aerosol,aerosol container
aerosol bomb,thermobaric bomb
aerosol can,aerosol
aerosol container,aerosol
aerospace medicine,aeromedicine
aeschynanthus radicans,lipstick plant
aesculus hippocastanum,horse chestnut
aesthesia,sensibility
aesthesis,sensation
aesthete,esthete
aesthetician,esthetician
aesthetics,esthetics
aestivation,estivation
aethusa cynapium,fool's parsley
aetiologist,etiologist
aetiology,etiology
aetobatus narinari,spotted eagle ray
afars and issas,Djibouti
affability,affableness
affableness,affability
affair,matter
affaire,affair
affaire d'honneur,duel
affairs,personal business
affectation,mannerism
affected role,patient role
affectedness,affectation
affection,affectionateness
affectionateness,affection
affective disorder,major affective disorder
affenpinscher,monkey pinscher
afferent fiber,sensory fiber
afferent nerve,sensory nerve
afferent neuron,sensory neuron
affiliation,association
affinity,phylogenetic relation
affirmation,avowal
affirmer,asserter
affixation,attachment
affluence,richness
affray,altercation
affricate,affricate consonant
affricate consonant,affricate
affricative,affricate
affright,panic
affront,insult
afisr,Air Force Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance
afl,American Federation of Labor
afl-cio,American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations
aflaxen,naproxen sodium
afp,alpha fetoprotein
aframomum melegueta,grains of paradise
afrasian,Afroasiatic
afrasian language,Afroasiatic
african-american music,black music
african american,African-American
african american english,African American Vernacular English
african gray,African grey
african green monkey,green monkey
african hemp,African bowstring hemp
african love grass,weeping love grass
african millet,finger millet
african nation,African country
african sandalwood,camwood
african tea,kat
african tulip,African lily
african yellowwood,cape yellowwood
africanized honey bee,Africanized bee
afrikander,Afrikaner
afrl,Air Force Research Laboratory
afro-asiatic,Afroasiatic
afro hairdo,Afro
afroasiatic language,Afroasiatic
afrocarpus falcata,common yellowwood
afropavo,Congo peafowl
afropavo congensis,afropavo
afspc,Air Force Space Command
after-shave,after-shave lotion
after-shave lotion,after-shave
after part,stern
afterimage,aftersensation
afterlife,hereafter
aftermath,wake
afternoon,good afternoon
afternoon tea,tea
afters,dessert
aftersensation,afterimage
afterthought,reconsideration
ag,silver
agalactia,agalactosis
agalactosis,agalactia
agamid,agamid lizard
agamid lizard,agamid
agamogenesis,asexual reproduction
agapanthus,lily of the Nile
agapanthus africanus,African lily
agape love,agape
agar,nutrient agar
agar-agar,agar
agaric,Fomes igniarius
agaricus arvensis,horse mushroom
agaricus campestris,meadow mushroom
agastache foeniculum,anise hyssop
agastache mexicana,Mexican hyssop
agastache nepetoides,yellow giant hyssop
agate line,line
agatha christie,Christie
agathis alba,amboina pine
agathis australis,kauri
agathis dammara,amboina pine
agathis lanceolata,red kauri
agathis robusta,dundathu pine
agave,century plant
agave americana,American agave
agave atrovirens,maguey
agave cantala,maguey
agave family,Agavaceae
agave sisalana,sisal
age,historic period
age-related macular degeneration,AMD
age bracket,age group
age group,age bracket
age of fishes,Devonian
age of mammals,Cenozoic
age of man,Quaternary
age of reason,Enlightenment
age of reptiles,Mesozoic
agedness,senescence
ageism,agism
agelaius phoeniceus,red-winged blackbird
agency,federal agency
agency security,government security
agenda,docket
agendum,agenda
agene,nitrogen trichloride
agenesia,agenesis
agenesis,agenesia
agent,factor
agent bank,lead bank
agent provocateur,provocateur
agentive role,agent
ageratina altissima,white snakeroot
ageratum,mistflower
ageratum houstonianum,common ageratum
aggeus,Haggai
agglutinating activity,agglutination
agglutination,agglutinating activity
aggrandisement,aggrandizement
aggrandizement,aggrandisement
aggravation,exasperation
aggravator,annoyance
aggregate fruit,multiple fruit
aggregation,collection
aggregator,collector
aggression,aggressiveness
aggressiveness,aggression
aggressor,attacker
agha,Aga
agility,legerity
agio,agiotage
agiotage,agio
agism,ageism
agitation,ferment
agitator,fomenter
agkistrodon contortrix,copperhead
agkistrodon piscivorus,water moccasin
aglaomorpha meyeniana,bear's-paw fern
aglaonema modestum,Chinese evergreen
aglet,aiglet
agnail,hangnail
agnathan,jawless vertebrate
agnation,patrilineage
agnes de mille,de Mille
agnes george de mille,de Mille
agnes gonxha bojaxhiu,Teresa
agnosticism,skepticism
agonist,protagonist
agonus cataphractus,pogge
agony,torment
agora,public square
agouti,Dasyprocta aguti
agranulocytosis,agranulosis
agranulosis,agranulocytosis
agraphia,anorthography
agreeability,agreeableness
agreeableness,amenity
agreement,understanding
agribusiness,agriculture
agricultural agent,county agent
agricultural laborer,agricultural labourer
agricultural labourer,agricultural laborer
agriculturalist,agriculturist
agriculture,agribusiness
agriculture department,Department of Agriculture
agriculture secretary,Secretary of Agriculture
agriculturist,agriculturalist
agrimonia,agrimony
agrimonia eupatoria,harvest-lice
agrimonia procera,fragrant agrimony
agrimony,agrimonia
agriocharis ocellata,ocellated turkey
agrippina the elder,Agrippina
agrippina the younger,Agrippina
agronomy,scientific agriculture
agropyron cristatum,crested wheatgrass
agropyron intermedium,intermediate wheatgrass
agropyron pauciflorum,slender wheatgrass
agropyron repens,dog grass
agropyron smithii,western wheatgrass
agropyron subsecundum,bearded wheatgrass
agropyron trachycaulum,slender wheatgrass
agrostemma githago,corn cockle
agrostis alba,wood meadowgrass
agrostis canina,velvet bent
agrostis nebulosa,cloud grass
agrostis palustris,creeping bent
agua,agua toad
agua toad,agua
aguacate,avocado
ague,chills and fever
ague grass,ague root
ague root,ague grass
ague weed,agueweed
agueweed,ague weed
ahem,hem
ahmad shah masoud,Masoud
ahmed salman rushdie,Rushdie
ahmed zoki yamani,Yamani
ahpcrc,Army High Performance Computing Research Center
ahura mazda,Ormazd
ahvenanmaa,Aland islands
ai,Army Intelligence
aiai,al Itihaad al Islamiya
aid,assistance
aid station,dressing station
aide,adjutant
aide-de-camp,adjutant
aide-memoire,position paper
aides,Pluto
aidoneus,Pluto
aigina,Aegina
aiglet,aglet
aigret,aigrette
aigrette,aigret
aiguilette,aglet
ail,garlic
ailanthus altissima,tree of heaven
ailanthus silkworm,Samia cynthia
ailment,complaint
ailuropoda melanoleuca,giant panda
ailurus fulgens,lesser panda
aim,purpose
aimee semple mcpherson,McPherson
aimlessness,purposelessness
aioli,aioli sauce
aioli sauce,aioli
air,aura
air-raid shelter,bomb shelter
air-sleeve,windsock
air-to-ground missile,air-to-surface missile
air-to-surface missile,air-to-ground missile
air attack,air raid
air base,air station
air bladder,swim bladder
air castle,reverie
air cell,alveolus
air cleaner,air filter
air conditioner,air conditioning
air conditioning,air conditioner
air crew,aircrew
air current,wind
air cushion,air spring
air division,division
air duct,air passage
air embolism,aeroembolism
air filter,air cleaner
air flow,airflow
air force,airforce
air force isr,Air Force Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance
air force officer,commander
air gas,producer gas
air gun,airgun
air hammer,jackhammer
air hole,air pocket
air hose,airline
air hostess,stewardess
air jacket,Mae West
air lane,flight path
air letter,airmail letter
air lock,airlock
air marshal,sky marshal
air mile,nautical mile
air passage,air duct
air plant,epiphyte
air pocket,pocket
air potato,Dioscorea bulbifera
air power,aviation
air pressure,atmospheric pressure
air pump,vacuum pump
air raid,air attack
air rifle,air gun
air sac,alveolus
air shaft,air well
air sickness,airsickness
air sock,windsock
air space,airspace
air spring,air cushion
air station,air base
air terminal,airport terminal
air thermometer,gas thermometer
air transport,air transportation
air transportation,air transport
air travel,aviation
air traveler,air traveller
air traveller,air traveler
air well,air shaft
airbrake,dive brake
aircraft carrier,carrier
aircraft landing,airplane landing
aircraftman,aircraftsman
aircraftsman,aircraftman
aircrew,air crew
airdock,hangar
airdrome,airport
aire river,Aire
airedale terrier,Airedale
airfield,landing field
airflow,air flow
airfoil,aerofoil
airforce,air force
airgun,air gun
airiness,buoyancy
airing,dissemination
airlift,lift
airline,air hose
airline business,airline
airlock,air lock
airmail,airpost
airmail letter,air letter
airman,aviator
airmanship,aviation
airplane,aeroplane
airplane landing,aircraft landing
airplane maneuver,flight maneuver
airplane pilot,pilot
airplane propeller,airscrew
airplane ticket,plane ticket
airport,airdrome
airport terminal,air terminal
airpost,airmail
airs,pose
airscrew,airplane propeller
airship,dirigible
airsickness,air sickness
airspace,air space
airstream,slipstream
airstrip,flight strip
airwave,air
airway,air passage
airwoman,aviatrix
aisle,gangway
aix-la-chapelle,Aachen
aix galericulata,mandarin duck
aix sponsa,wood duck
ajaia ajaja,roseate spoonbill
ajuga chamaepitys,ground pine
ajuga genevensis,erect bugle
ajuga pyramidalis,pyramid bugle
ajuga reptans,creeping bugle
ak,Alaska
akaba,Al Aqabah
akaryocyte,akaryote
akaryote,akaryocyte
akee,akee tree
akee tree,akee
aken,Aachen
akha,Hani
akhenaten,Akhenaton
akinesia,akinesis
akinesis,akinesia
akira kurosawa,Kurosawa
akka,Acre
akko,Acre
akmola,Astana
aku,Yoruba
akvavit,aquavit
al,aluminum
al-aksa martyrs brigades,Aksa Martyrs Brigades
al-asifa,al-Fatah
al-hasan ibn al-haytham,Alhazen
al-haytham,Alhazen
al-hudaydah,Hodeida
al-iraq,Iraq
al-itihaad al-islamiya,al Itihaad al Islamiya
al-jama'a al-islamiyyah al-muqatilah bi-libya,Libyan Islamic Fighting Group
al-magrib,Morocco
al-mukalla,Mukalla
al-qa'ida,al-Qaeda
al-qaida,al-Qaeda
al-qur'an,Koran
al alamayn,El Alamein
al capone,Capone
al faran,Harkat-ul-Mujahidin
al gore,Gore
al hirschfeld,Hirschfeld
al jolson,Jolson
al madinah,Medina
al qahira,Cairo
al qanoon,Lashkar-e-Omar
al tawhid,al-Tawhid
alabama lip fern,smooth lip fern
alabama river,Alabama
alabamian,Alabaman
alacrity,briskness
alan alexander milne,Milne
alan bartlett shepard jr.,Shepard
alan hodgkin,Hodgkin
alan jay lerner,Lerner
alan lloyd hodgkin,Hodgkin
alan mathison turing,Turing
alan paton,Paton
alan seeger,Seeger
alan shepard,Shepard
alan stewart paton,Paton
alan turing,Turing
alarm,dismay
alarm bell,tocsin
alarm clock,alarm
alarm system,alarm
alarum,alarm
alaska cedar,yellow cypress
alaska cod,Pacific cod
alaska crab,Alaska king crab
alaskan king crab,Alaska king crab
alaskan malamute,malamute
alaskan native,Alaska Native
alastrim,variola minor
alauda arvensis,skylark
albacore,long-fin tunny
alban berg,Berg
albanian capital,Tirana
albatross,millstone
albedo,reflective power
alben barkley,Barkley
alben william barkley,Barkley
albers-schonberg disease,osteopetrosis
albert abraham michelson,Michelson
albert bruce sabin,Sabin
albert camus,Camus
albert edward,Edward
albert einstein,Einstein
albert francis charles augustus emmanuel,Albert
albert gore jr.,Gore
albert michelson,Michelson
albert sabin,Sabin
albert schweitzer,Schweitzer
albert speer,Speer
albert szent-gyorgyi,Szent-Gyorgyi
albert von szent-gyorgyi,Szent-Gyorgyi
alberto giacometti,Giacometti
albino luciano,John Paul I
albite,white feldspar
albizia,albizzia
albizia julibrissin,silk tree
albizia lebbeck,siris
albizia saman,rain tree
albizzia,albizia
albizzia julibrissin,silk tree
albizzia lebbeck,siris
alborg,Aalborg
albrecht durer,Durer
albrecht eusebius wenzel von wallenstein,Wallenstein
albula vulpes,bonefish
album,record album
albumen,albumin
albumin,albumen
albuminoid,scleroprotein
albuminuria,proteinuria
albuterol,Ventolin
alca torda,razorbill
alcahest,alkahest
alcaic verse,Alcaic
alcapton,alkapton
alcaptonuria,alkaptonuria
alcea rosea,rose mallow
alcedo atthis,Eurasian kingfisher
alces alces,elk
alchemy,chemistry
alcides,Hercules
alcohol,alcoholic drink
alcohol-in-glass thermometer,alcohol thermometer
alcohol abuse,alcoholic abuse
alcohol addiction,alcoholism
alcohol amnestic disorder,alcoholic dementia
alcohol group,alcohol radical
alcohol radical,alcohol group
alcohol thermometer,alcohol-in-glass thermometer
alcoholic abuse,alcohol abuse
alcoholic beverage,alcohol
alcoholic dementia,alcohol amnestic disorder
alcoholic drink,alcohol
alcoholism,alcohol addiction
alcoholism abuse,alcohol abuse
alcove,bay
aldactone,spironolactone
aldehyde-alcohol,aldol
aldehyde group,aldehyde radical
aldehyde radical,aldehyde group
alder,alder tree
alder-leaved serviceberry,alderleaf Juneberry
alder buckthorn,alder dogwood
alder dogwood,alder buckthorn
alder fly,alderfly
alder tree,alder
alderfly,alder fly
aldol,aldehyde-alcohol
aldomet,methyldopa
aldosteronism,hyperaldosteronism
aldous huxley,Huxley
aldous leonard huxley,Huxley
aldrovanda vesiculosa,waterwheel plant
ale drinker,beer drinker
alec guinness,Guinness
alecost,costmary
alectis ciliaris,threadfish
alectoris graeca,Greek partridge
alectoris ruffa,red-legged partridge
alectura lathami,brush turkey
alehoof,ground ivy
aleksandr aleksandrovich blok,Blok
aleksandr borodin,Borodin
aleksandr feodorovich kerensky,Kerensky
aleksandr i. solzhenitsyn,Solzhenitsyn
aleksandr mikjailovich prokhorov,Prokhorov
aleksandr nikolayevich scriabin,Scriabin
aleksandr pavlovich,Alexander I
aleksandr porfirevich borodin,Borodin
aleksandr prokhorov,Prokhorov
aleksandr scriabin,Scriabin
aleksandr sergeyevich pushkin,Pushkin
aleksandr solzhenitsyn,Solzhenitsyn
aleksey maksimovich peshkov,Gorky
aleksey maximovich peshkov,Gorky
alendronate,Fosamax
alep,Halab
aleph-nought,aleph-null
aleph-null,aleph-nought
aleph-zero,aleph-null
aleppo,Halab
aleppo boil,cutaneous leishmaniasis
aleppo grass,Johnson grass
alerting,alertness
alertness,watchfulness
alessandro di mariano dei filipepi,Botticelli
alessandro farnese,Paul III
alessandro manzoni,Manzoni
aletris aurea,yellow colicroot
aletris farinosa,ague root
aletta jacobs,Jacobs
aleurites fordii,tung tree
aleurites moluccana,candlenut
aleutians,Aleutian Islands
aleve,naproxen sodium
alewife,Alosa pseudoharengus
alex haley,Haley
alexander alexandrovich blok,Blok
alexander bell,Bell
alexander calder,Calder
alexander fleming,Fleming
alexander graham bell,Bell
alexander hamilton,Hamilton
alexander isayevich solzhenitsyn,Solzhenitsyn
alexander melville bell,Bell
alexander pope,Pope
alexander pushkin,Pushkin
alexander selcraig,Selkirk
alexander selkirk,Selkirk
alexander the great,Alexander
alexander the liberator,Alexander II
alexander wilson,Wilson
alexander woollcott,Woollcott
alexanders,Alexander
alexandre dumas,Dumas
alexandre emile jean yersin,Yersin
alexandre gustave eiffel,Eiffel
alexandre yersin,Yersin
alexandrian senna,Alexandria senna
alexia,visual aphasia
alexis carrel,Carrel
alexis charles henri maurice de tocqueville,Tocqueville
alexis de tocqueville,Tocqueville
alfalfa,lucerne
alfilaria,redstem storksbill
alfileria,redstem storksbill
alfonso borgia,Calixtus III
alfred alistair cooke,Cooke
alfred bernhard nobel,Nobel
alfred binet,Binet
alfred charles kinsey,Kinsey
alfred charles william harmsworth,Harmsworth
alfred damon runyon,Runyon
alfred de musset,Musset
alfred dreyfus,Dreyfus
alfred edward housman,Housman
alfred edward woodley mason,Mason
alfred eisenstaedt,Eisenstaedt
alfred habdank skarbek korzybski,Korzybski
alfred hawthorne,Hill
alfred hitchcock,Hitchcock
alfred joseph hitchcock,Hitchcock
alfred kastler,Kastler
alfred korzybski,Korzybski
alfred kroeber,Kroeber
alfred krupp,Krupp
alfred lord tennyson,Tennyson
alfred lothar wegener,Wegener
alfred louis kroeber,Kroeber
alfred lunt,Lunt
alfred nobel,Nobel
alfred north whitehead,Whitehead
alfred noyes,Noyes
alfred russel wallace,Wallace
alfred stieglitz,Stieglitz
alfred tennyson,Tennyson
alfred thayer mahan,Mahan
alfred the great,Alfred
alga,algae
algae,alga
algarobilla,algarroba
algarroba,carob
algarroba bean,carob
algarrobilla,algarroba
algerian capital,Algiers
algerie,Algeria
algernon charles swinburne,Swinburne
algin,alginic acid
alginic acid,algin
algolagnia,algophilia
algology,phycology
algonkin,Algonkian
algonquian language,Algonquian
algophilia,algolagnia
algorithm,algorithmic rule
algorithmic program,algorithm
algorithmic rule,algorithm
alhacen,Alhazen
alibi,excuse
alice-josephine pons,Pons
alice b. toklas,Toklas
alice hamilton,Hamilton
alice malsenior walker,Walker
alice paul,Paul
alice walker,Walker
alicia alonso,Alonso
alidad,alidade
alidade,alidad
alienage,alienism
alienation,disaffection
alienee,grantee
alienism,alienage
alignment,alliance
alikeness,likeness
aliment,nutriment
alimentary canal,alimentary tract
alimentary paste,pasta
alimentary tract,alimentary canal
alimentation,nutriment
alimony,maintenance
alinement,alliance
aliquant,aliquant part
aliquant part,aliquant
aliquot part,aliquot
alir,Army for the Liberation of Rwanda
alisma plantago-aquatica,water plantain
alismales,Naiadales
alistair cooke,Cooke
aliterate,aliterate person
aliterate person,aliterate
aliveness,animation
alizarin,alizarine
alizarin carmine,alizarin crimson
alizarin crimson,alizarin carmine
alizarin red,alizarin carmine
alizarine,alizarin
alizarine red,Turkey red
alkahest,alcahest
alkali,base
alkali bee,Nomia melanderi
alkali grass,Zigadenus elegans
alkali metal,alkaline metal
alkaline-earth metal,alkaline earth
alkaline earth,alkaline-earth metal
alkaline metal,alkali metal
alkalinuria,alkaluria
alkaliser,antacid
alkalizer,antacid
alkaluria,alkalinuria
alkane,methane series
alkane series,methane series
alkanet,bugloss
alkapton,alcapton
alkaptonuria,alcaptonuria
alkene,olefine
alkeran,melphalan
alky,alcoholic
alkyd,alkyd resin
alkyd resin,alkyd
alkyl,alkyl group
alkyl group,alkyl
alkyl halide,haloalkane
alkyl radical,alkyl
alkyne,acetylene
all-day sucker,lollipop
all-rounder,all arounder
all-terrain bike,mountain bike
all arounder,all-rounder
all fools' day,April Fools'
all fours,high-low-jack
all get out,billyo
alla nazimova,Nazimova
allamanda cathartica,common allamanda
allayer,reliever
allegation,allegement
allegement,allegation
alleghany plum,Allegheny plum
allegheny mountain spurge,Allegheny spurge
allegheny mountains,Alleghenies
allegheny river,Allegheny
allegheny vine,climbing fumitory
allegiance,commitment
allegoriser,allegorizer
allegorizer,allegoriser
allegory,fable
allele,allelomorph
allelomorph,allele
allemande,allemande sauce
allemande sauce,allemande
allen ginsberg,Ginsberg
allen stewart konigsberg,Allen
allen tate,Tate
allergic reaction,allergy
allergy,allergic reaction
alleviant,palliative
alleviation,relief
alleviator,palliative
alley,alleyway
alleyway,alley
allgood,good-king-henry
allhallows,All Saints' Day
allhallows eve,Halloween
alliance,confederation
alliaria officinalis,garlic mustard
allice,allice shad
allice shad,allis shad
alligator,gator
alligator clip,bulldog clip
alligator grass,alligator weed
alligator mississipiensis,American alligator
alligator pear,avocado
alligator sinensis,Chinese alligator
alligator snapper,alligator snapping turtle
alligator snapping turtle,alligator snapper
alligator weed,alligator grass
alligatorfish,Aspidophoroides monopterygius
allionia incarnata,trailing four o'clock
allioniaceae,Nyctaginaceae
allis,allice shad
allis shad,allice shad
alliteration,initial rhyme
allium acuminatum,Hooker's onion
allium ampeloprasum,wild leek
allium ascalonicum,shallot
allium canadense,Canada garlic
allium carinatum,keeled garlic
allium cepa,onion
allium cepa aggregatum,shallot
allium cepa viviparum,tree onion
allium cernuum,nodding onion
allium fistulosum,Welsh onion
allium haematochiton,red-skinned onion
allium neopolitanum,daffodil garlic
allium paradoxum,few-flowered leek
allium porrum,leek
allium sativum,garlic
allium schoenoprasum,chives
allium scorodoprasum,sand leek
allium sphaerocephalum,round-headed leek
allium tricoccum,ramp
allium triquetrum,three-cornered leek
allium tuberosum,garlic chive
allium ursinum,wild garlic
allium vineale,crow garlic
allmouth,goosefish
alloantibody,isoantibody
allocation,allotment
allocator,distributor
allograft,homograft
allopurinol,Zyloprim
allosaur,allosaurus
allosaurus,allosaur
allotment,allocation
allotropism,allotropy
allotropy,allotropism
allowance,adjustment
allowance account,valuation reserve
alloy,metal
alloy cast iron,alloy iron
alloy iron,alloy cast iron
allspice,allspice tree
allspice tree,Pimenta officinalis
allure,allurement
allurement,allure
alluvial cone,alluvial fan
alluvial deposit,alluvial sediment
alluvial fan,alluvial cone
alluvial flat,alluvial plain
alluvial plain,alluvial flat
alluvial sediment,alluvial deposit
alluviation,deposit
alluvion,flood
alluvium,alluvial sediment
ally,friend
allyl,allyl group
allyl alcohol,propenyl alcohol
allyl group,allyl
allyl radical,allyl
alma-ata,Almaty
almanac,farmer's calendar
almandine,almandite
almandite,almandine
almond,sweet almond
almond-leaves willow,peachleaf willow
almond cookie,almond crescent
almond crescent,almond cookie
almond moth,fig moth
almond oil,expressed almond oil
almond willow,black Hollander
almoner,medical social worker
alms-giving,almsgiving
alms box,poor box
alms dish,alms tray
alms tray,alms dish
almsgiving,alms-giving
alnus crispa,green alder
alnus glutinosa,common alder
alnus incana,grey alder
alnus maritima,seaside alder
alnus rhombifolia,white alder
alnus rubra,red alder
alnus rugosa,speckled alder
alnus serrulata,smooth alder
alnus veridis,green alder
alnus veridis crispa,green alder
alnus vulgaris,common alder
alocasia,elephant's ear
alocasia macrorrhiza,giant taro
aloe family,Aloeaceae
aloe ferox,cape aloe
aloe vera,burn plant
aloes,bitter aloes
aloha,ciao
aloha state,Hawaii
alois senefelder,Senefelder
aloneness,loneliness
aloofness,distance
alopecurus pratensis,meadow foxtail
alopex lagopus,Arctic fox
alopius vulpinus,thresher
alosa alosa,allice shad
alosa chrysocloris,river shad
alosa pseudoharengus,alewife
alosa sapidissima,common American shad
aloys senefelder,Senefelder
alpaca,Lama pacos
alpha-adrenergic blocker,alpha blocker
alpha-adrenergic blocking agent,alpha blocker
alpha-adrenergic receptor,alpha receptor
alpha-adrenoceptor,alpha receptor
alpha-beta brass,Muntz metal
alpha-blocker,alpha blocker
alpha-lipoprotein,high-density lipoprotein
alpha-naphthol test,Molisch's test
alpha blocker,alpha-blocker
alpha fetoprotein,alpha foetoprotein
alpha foetoprotein,alpha fetoprotein
alpha geminorum,Castor
alpha methyl dopa,methyldopa
alpha orionis,Betelgeuse
alpha radiation,alpha ray
alpha ray,alpha radiation
alpha receptor,alpha-adrenergic receptor
alpha rhythm,alpha wave
alpha wave,alpha rhythm
alphabet,rudiment
alphabetic character,letter
alphabetic script,alphabetic writing
alphabetic writing,alphabetic script
alphabetisation,alphabetization
alphabetiser,alphabetizer
alphabetization,alphabetisation
alphabetizer,alphabetiser
alphanumeric characters,alphanumerics
alphanumeric display,digital display
alphanumerics,alphanumeric characters
alphonse bertillon,Bertillon
alphonse capone,Capone
alpine ash,mountain oak
alpine azalea,mountain azalea
alpine bearberry,black bearberry
alpine clover,Trifolium alpinum
alpine clubmoss,Lycopodium alpinum
alpine coltsfoot,Homogyne alpina
alpine gold,alpine hulsea
alpine golden chain,Scotch laburnum
alpine goldenrod,Solidago multiradiata
alpine hulsea,alpine gold
alpine lift,T-bar lift
alpine milk vetch,Astragalus alpinus
alpine salamander,Salamandra atra
alpine scurvy,pellagra
alpine sunflower,old man of the mountain
alpine totara,Podocarpus nivalis
alpine type of glacier,Alpine glacier
alpinia galanga,galangal
alpinia officinalis,lesser galangal
alpinia officinarum,lesser galangal
alpinia purpurata,red ginger
alpinia speciosa,shellflower
alpinia zerumbet,shellflower
alprazolam,Xanax
als,amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
alsatia,Alsace
also-ran,loser
alsobia dianthiflora,lace-flower vine
alstonia scholaris,dita
alstroemeria pelegrina,Peruvian lily
alt,elevation
altace,ramipril
altaic language,Altaic
altar,communion table
altar wine,sacramental wine
altarpiece,reredos
altay mountains,Altai Mountains
alteration,change
altercation,affray
altering,neutering
alternanthera philoxeroides,alligator weed
alternating current,AC
alternating electric current,alternating current
alternation of generations,heterogenesis
alternative birth,alternative birthing
alternative birthing,alternative birth
alternative pleading,pleading in the alternative
althaea,althea
althea,althaea
althea gibson,Gibson
althea officinalis,marsh mallow
althea rosea,rose mallow
altitude,height
alto clef,viola clef
alto relievo,alto rilievo
alto rilievo,alto relievo
alto saxophonist,altoist
altocumulus,altocumulus cloud
altocumulus cloud,altocumulus
altoist,alto saxophonist
alton glenn miller,Miller
altostratus,altostratus cloud
altostratus cloud,altostratus
altruism,selflessness
altruist,philanthropist
alula,calypter
alum,ammonia alum
alumbloom,alumroot
alumina,aluminum oxide
aluminium,aluminum
aluminium bronze,aluminum bronze
aluminium chloride,aluminum chloride
aluminium foil,aluminum foil
aluminium hydroxide,aluminum hydroxide
aluminium oxide,alumina
aluminum,aluminium
aluminum bronze,aluminium bronze
aluminum business,aluminum industry
aluminum chloride,aluminium chloride
aluminum foil,aluminium foil
aluminum hydroxide,aluminium hydroxide
aluminum industry,aluminum business
aluminum oxide,alumina
alumna,alumnus
alumnus,alumna
alumroot,alumbloom
alupent,metaproterenol
alvar aalto,Aalto
alveolar artery,arteria alveolaris
alveolar consonant,dental consonant
alveolar point,prosthion
alveolar process,alveolar ridge
alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma,alveolar rhabdosarcoma
alveolar rhabdosarcoma,alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma
alveolar ridge,gum ridge
alveolitis,dry socket
alveolus,air sac
alvin ailey,Ailey
alyssum,madwort
alytes cisternasi,midwife toad
alytes obstetricans,obstetrical toad
alzheimer's,Alzheimer's disease
alzheimers,Alzheimer's disease
am,americium
amabilis fir,white fir
amadavat,avadavat
amah,wet nurse
amalgam,dental amalgam
amalgamation,merger
amandine aurore lucie dupin,Sand
amanita caesarea,royal agaric
amanita mappa,false deathcap
amanita muscaria,fly agaric
amanita phalloides,death cap
amanita rubescens,blushing mushroom
amanita verna,destroying angel
amanuensis,stenographer
amaranth family,Amaranthaceae
amaranthus albus,tumbleweed
amaranthus caudatus,love-lies-bleeding
amaranthus cruentus,prince's-feather
amaranthus graecizans,tumbleweed
amaranthus hybridus erythrostachys,prince's-feather
amaranthus hybridus hypochondriacus,prince's-feather
amaranthus hypochondriacus,pigweed
amaranthus spinosus,thorny amaranth
amarelle,Prunus cerasus caproniana
amaryllis belladonna,belladonna lily
amaryllis family,Amaryllidaceae
amaterasu omikami,Amaterasu
amativeness,amorousness
amatungulu,natal plum
amazement,astonishment
amazon,virago
amazon river,Amazon
ambage,circumlocution
ambages,circumlocution
ambassador,embassador
amber lily,Anthericum torreyi
amberbell,yellow adder's tongue
amberboa moschata,sweet sultan
amberfish,amberjack
amberjack,amberfish
ambiance,atmosphere
ambidexterity,ambidextrousness
ambidextrousness,ambidexterity
ambience,atmosphere
ambiguity,equivocalness
ambit,scope
ambition,aspiration
ambitiousness,ambition
ambivalence,ambivalency
ambivalency,ambivalence
amble,promenade
ambler,saunterer
ambloplites rupestris,rock bass
amblyrhynchus cristatus,marine iguana
ambo,dais
amboina pine,amboyna pine
amboyna,Andaman redwood
amboyna pine,amboina pine
ambrogio damiano achille ratti,Pius XI
ambrose bierce,Bierce
ambrose everett burnside,Burnside
ambrose gwinett bierce,Bierce
ambrosia,beebread
ambrosia artemisiifolia,common ragweed
ambrosia psilostachya,western ragweed
ambrosia trifida,great ragweed
ambulant plague,ambulatory plague
ambulatory plague,ambulant plague
ambuscade,ambush
ambush,ambuscade
ambystoma maculatum,spotted salamander
ambystoma mexicanum,axolotl
ambystoma talpoideum,mole salamander
ambystoma tigrinum,tiger salamander
ambystomid,ambystomid salamander
ambystomid salamander,ambystomid
amd,age-related macular degeneration
ameba,amoeba
amebiasis,amoebiasis
amebic dysentery,amoebic dysentery
amebiosis,amebiasis
amedeo avogadro,Avogadro
amedeo modigliano,Modigliani
ameer,emir
ameiurus melas,horned pout
amelanchier alnifolia,alderleaf Juneberry
amelanchier bartramiana,Bartram Juneberry
amelia earhart,Earhart
amelioration,melioration
amen cadence,plagal cadence
amenability,amenableness
amenableness,amenability
amends,damages
amenhotep iv,Akhenaton
amenia,amenorrhea
amenities,comforts
amenity,agreeableness
amenorrhea,amenorrhoea
amenorrhoea,amenorrhea
ament,catkin
amentia,idiocy
amercement,fine
america,United States
american-indian language,Amerind
american aloe,agave
american antelope,pronghorn
american arrowroot,arrowroot
american aspen,American quaking aspen
american bittersweet,bittersweet
american blight,woolly apple aphid
american brooklime,brooklime
american buffalo,American bison
american capital,Washington
american centaury,marsh pink
american cheese,cheddar
american columbo,columbo
american cranberry bush,cranberry bush
american creeper,brown creeper
american cress,Belle Isle cress
american dewberry,Northern dewberry
american dog tick,wood tick
american dogwood,red osier
american dwarf birch,Newfoundland dwarf birch
american eagle,bald eagle
american elk,wapiti
american featherfoil,water gillyflower
american federalist party,Federalist Party
american flagfish,flagfish
american football game,American football
american gentian,columbo
american gray birch,grey birch
american grey birch,grey birch
american hellebore,white hellebore
american indian,Indian
american ivy,Virginia creeper
american kestrel,sparrow hawk
american language,American English
american laurel,mountain laurel
american leishmaniasis,mucocutaneous leishmaniasis
american licorice,wild licorice
american lime,American basswood
american liquorice,wild licorice
american lotus,water chinquapin
american mastodont,American mastodon
american olive,devilwood
american oriole,New World oriole
american parsley fern,American rock brake
american pennyroyal,pennyroyal
american pit bull terrier,American Staffordshire terrier
american plane,American sycamore
american pulsatilla,American pasqueflower
american revised version,American Standard Version
american revolutionary war,American Revolution
american robin,robin
american sable,American marten
american sign language,ASL
american spicebush,spicebush
american sweet chestnut,American chestnut
american sweet gum,sweet gum
american virgin islands,United States Virgin Islands
american wall fern,rock polypody
american war of independence,American Revolution
american wisteria,American wistaria
americanisation,Americanization
americium,Am
americus vespucius,Vespucci
amerigo vespucci,Vespucci
amerindian language,Amerind
amerindian race,Indian race
amethopterin,methotrexate
amex,American Stock Exchange
amia calva,bowfin
amiability,good humor
amiableness,affability
amianthum muscaetoxicum,fly poison
amianthum muscitoxicum,fly poison
amicability,amicableness
amicableness,amicability
amicus curiae,friend of the court
amidopyrine,aminopyrine
amine,aminoalkane
amino acid,aminoalkanoic acid
amino group,amino
amino plastic,aminoplast
amino resin,amino plastic
aminoalkane,amine
aminoalkanoic acid,amino acid
aminobenzine,aniline
aminopherase,transaminase
aminoplast,amino plastic
aminopyrine,amidopyrine
aminotransferase,transaminase
amiodarone,Cordarone
amir,emir
amitriptyline,amitriptyline hydrochloride
amitriptyline hydrochloride,amitriptyline
amity,cordiality
amlodipine besylate,Norvasc
ammo,ammunition
ammobium alatum,winged everlasting
ammonia,ammonia water
ammonia alum,alum
ammonia water,ammonia
ammonite,ammonoid
ammonium,ammonium ion
ammonium alum,alum
ammonium chloride,sal ammoniac
ammonium hydroxide,ammonia water
ammonium ion,ammonium
ammonoid,ammonite
ammotragus lervia,aoudad
ammunition,ammo
ammunition chest,caisson
amnesia,memory loss
amnesic aphasia,nominal aphasia
amnestic aphasia,nominal aphasia
amnesty,pardon
amnio,amniocentesis
amniocentesis,amnio
amnion,amniotic sac
amnionic fluid,amniotic fluid
amnios,amnion
amniotic fluid,amnionic fluid
amniotic sac,amnion
amobarbital sodium,blue
amoeba,ameba
amoebiasis,amebiasis
amoebic dysentery,amebic dysentery
amoebina,Amoebida
amoebiosis,amebiasis
amon,Amen
amon-ra,Amen-Ra
amor,Cupid
amorousness,enamoredness
amorpha californica,false indigo
amorpha canescens,leadplant
amorpha fruticosa,false indigo
amorphophallus campanulatus,pungapung
amorphophallus paeonifolius,pungapung
amorphophallus rivieri,devil's tongue
amorphophallus titanum,krubi
amortisation,amortization
amortization,amortisation
amount,sum
amount of money,sum
amour,affair
amour propre,conceit
amoxicillin,Amoxil
amoxil,amoxicillin
amoy,Min
amp,ampere
ampere,international ampere
ampere-second,coulomb
amphetamine,pep pill
amphetamine sulfate,amphetamine sulphate
amphetamine sulphate,amphetamine sulfate
amphibia,class Amphibia
amphibious aircraft,amphibian
amphibious vehicle,amphibian
amphibology,amphiboly
amphiboly,amphibology
amphicarpa,Amphicarpaea
amphicarpa bracteata,hog peanut
amphicarpaea bracteata,hog peanut
amphigory,nonsense verse
amphimixis,sexual reproduction
amphioxus,lancelet
amphiprion percula,clown anemone fish
amphisbaenia,Amphisbaena
amphitheater,amphitheatre
amphitheatre,amphitheater
amphitheatrum flavium,Colosseum
amphiuma,congo snake
ampicillin,Principen
amplification,elaboration
amplitude,bountifulness
amplitude distortion,nonlinear distortion
amplitude modulation,AM
ampoule,phial
ampul,phial
ampule,phial
amrinone,Inocor
amsinckia grandiflora,large-flowered fiddleneck
amsinckia intermedia,common amsinckia
amsonia tabernaemontana,blue star
amulet,talisman
amun,Amen
amun ra,Amen-Ra
amur river,Amur
amusd,Doctor of Musical Arts
amusement,entertainment
amusement park,funfair
amy lowell,Lowell
amy lyon,Hamilton
amygdala,amygdaloid nucleus
amygdaloid nucleus,amygdala
amygdalus communis,almond
amygdalus communis amara,bitter almond
amyloid plaque,amyloid protein plaque
amyloid protein plaque,amyloid plaque
amylum,starch
amyotonia,atonicity
amyotrophia,amyotrophy
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis,ALS
amyotrophy,amyotrophia
amytal,amobarbital sodium
an,Associate in Nursing
an nafud,Nefud
an nefud,Nefud
anabas testudineus,climbing perch
anabolism,constructive metabolism
anabrus simplex,mormon cricket
anacardium occidentale,cashew
anachronism,mistiming
anacin iii,acetaminophen
anacoluthia,anacoluthon
anacoluthon,anacoluthia
anaconda,Eunectes murinus
anacyclus pyrethrum,pellitory
anadiplosis,reduplication
anaemia,anemia
anaerobic exercise,bodybuilding
anaesthesia,anesthesia
anaesthetic agent,anesthetic
anaesthetist,anesthesiologist
anagallis arvensis,scarlet pimpernel
anagallis tenella,bog pimpernel
anagasta kuehniella,Mediterranean flour moth
anagrams,anagram
anagyris foetida,bean trefoil
anal intercourse,sodomy
anal personality,anal retentive personality
anal phase,anal stage
anal retentive personality,anal personality
anal sex,sodomy
anal sphincter,sphincter ani
anal stage,anal phase
analecta,analects
analects,analecta
analog-digital converter,digitizer
analog-to-digital converter,digitizer
analog computer,analogue computer
analogue computer,analog computer
analogy,doctrine of analogy
analphabet,analphabetic
analphabetism,illiteracy
analyser,analyzer
analysis,analytic thinking
analysis of variance,ANOVA
analysis situs,topology
analyst,psychoanalyst
analytic geometry,analytical geometry
analytic thinking,analysis
analytical balance,chemical balance
analytical geometry,analytic geometry
analyzer,analyser
anamnesis,medical history
anamnestic reaction,anamnestic response
anamnestic response,anamnestic reaction
anamorphism,anamorphosis
anamorphosis,anamorphism
ananas comosus,pineapple
anapaest,anapest
anapest,anapaest
anaphalis margaritacea,pearly everlasting
anaphora,epanaphora
anaplasty,plastic surgery
anaprox,naproxen sodium
anapsid,anapsid reptile
anapsid reptile,anapsid
anapurna,Parvati
anarchist,nihilist
anarchy,lawlessness
anas acuta,pintail
anas americana,American widgeon
anas clypeata,shoveler
anas crecca,greenwing
anas discors,bluewing
anas penelope,widgeon
anas platyrhynchos,mallard
anas querquedula,garganey
anas rubripes,black duck
anasa tristis,squash bug
anastatica hierochuntica,rose of Jericho
anastomosis,inosculation
anastomotic vein,vena anastomotica
anastrophe,inversion
anathema,bete noire
anathematisation,anathematization
anathematization,anathematisation
anatole france,France
anatoli karpov,Karpov
anatoli yevgenevich karpov,Karpov
anatolia,Asia Minor
anatolian language,Anatolian
anatomical reference,anatomical
anatomical sphincter,sphincter
anatomical structure,structure
anatomy,general anatomy
anatoxin,toxoid
ancestor,ascendant
ancestry,lineage
anchor,ground tackle
anchor chain,anchor rope
anchor light,riding light
anchor ring,ring
anchor rope,anchor chain
anchorage ground,anchorage
anchorite,hermit
anchorman,anchor
anchorperson,anchor
anchovy pear,anchovy pear tree
anchovy pear tree,anchovy pear
anchusa capensis,cape forget-me-not
anchusa officinalis,bugloss
anchusa riparia,cape forget-me-not
anchylosis,ankylosis
ancient pine,Pinus longaeva
ancientness,antiquity
ancients,ancient
ancistrodon,Agkistrodon
anconeous muscle,musculus anconeus
ancylus fluviatilis,river limpet
and gate,AND circuit
andalucia,Andalusia
andaman marble,marblewood
andaman redwood,amboyna
andelmin,angelim
anders celsius,Celsius
andira inermis,cabbage bark
andiron,firedog
andre derain,Derain
andre eglevsky,Eglevsky
andre gide,Gide
andre le notre,Le Notre
andre maginot,Maginot
andre malraux,Malraux
andre markoff,Markov
andre maurois,Maurois
andre paul guillaume gide,Gide
andre weil,Weil
andrea guarneri,Guarneri
andrea mantegna,Mantegna
andrea palladio,Palladio
andreas vesalius,Vesalius
andrei andreyevich gromyko,Gromyko
andrei arsenevich tarkovsky,Tarkovsky
andrei dimitrievich sakharov,Sakharov
andrei gromyko,Gromyko
andrei markov,Markov
andrei sakharov,Sakharov
andrei tarkovsky,Tarkovsky
andrei voznesenski,Voznesenski
andrena,andrenid
andrenid,andrena
andres martinez,Sanchez
andres segovia,Segovia
andrew's clintonia,red Clintonia
andrew carnegie,Carnegie
andrew d. white,White
andrew dickson white,White
andrew fielding huxley,Huxley
andrew huxley,Huxley
andrew jackson,Jackson
andrew jackson downing,Downing
andrew johnson,Johnson
andrew lloyd webber,Lloyd Webber
andrew marvell,Marvell
andrew mellon,Mellon
andrew w. mellon,Mellon
andrew william mellon,Mellon
andrew wyeth,Wyeth
andrija mohorovicic,Mohorovicic
androgen,androgenic hormone
androgenesis,androgeny
androgenic hormone,androgen
androgeny,androgenesis
androgyne,hermaphrodite
androgyny,hermaphroditism
android,humanoid
andromeda,Japanese andromeda
andromeda glaucophylla,bog rosemary
andromeda polifolia,marsh andromeda
andropogon furcatus,bluestem
andropogon gerardii,bluestem
andropogon scoparius,broom beard grass
andropogon virginicus,broom sedge
andrzej wajda,Wajda
andy warhol,Warhol
anecdotist,raconteur
aneides lugubris,arboreal salamander
anemia,anaemia
anemia adiantifolia,pine fern
anemometer,wind gauge
anemone,windflower
anemone canadensis,Canada anemone
anemone cylindrica,thimbleweed
anemone ludoviciana,American pasqueflower
anemone nemorosa,wood anemone
anemone occidentalis,Western pasqueflower
anemone pulsatilla,European pasqueflower
anemone quinquefolia,wood anemone
anemone riparia,longheaded thimbleweed
anemone sylvestris,snowdrop anemone
anemone tetonensis,Alpine anemone
anemone virginiana,Virginia thimbleweed
anemonella thalictroides,rue anemone
anemopsis californica,yerba mansa
anencephalia,anencephaly
anencephaly,anencephalia
aneroid barometer,aneroid
anesthesia,anaesthesia
anesthesiologist,anesthetist
anesthetic agent,anesthetic
anesthetist,anesthesiologist
anestrum,anestrus
anestrus,anestrum
anethum graveolens,dill
aneurin,vitamin B1
aneurism,aneurysm
aneurysm,aneurism
ang,Air National Guard
angara river,Angara
angel,saint
angel's trumpet,Brugmansia suaveolens
angel-wing begonia,Begonia cocchinea
angel cake,angel food cake
angel dust,phencyclidine
angel falls,Angel
angel food cake,angel cake
angel shark,angelfish
angelfish,spadefish
angelica,angelique
angelica archangelica,garden angelica
angelica sylvestris,wild angelica
angelim,andelmin
angelique,angelica
angelo correr,Gregory
angelo guiseppe roncalli,John XXIII
angelus,angelus bell
angelus bell,angelus
anger,choler
angevine,Angevin
angina,angina pectoris
angina pectoris,angina
angioedema,atrophedema
angiohemophilia,von Willebrand's disease
angiopteris,giant fern
angiopteris evecta,angiopteris
angiosperm,flowering plant
angiospermous tree,flowering tree
angiotensin,angiotonin
angiotensin-converting enzyme,angiotensin converting enzyme
angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor,ACE inhibitor
angiotensin converting enzyme,angiotensin-converting enzyme
angiotonin,angiotensin
angle,slant
angle-closure glaucoma,acute glaucoma
angle bracket,bracket
angle iron,angle bracket
angle of dip,dip
angle of extinction,extinction angle
angle of incidence,incidence angle
angle of inclination,inclination
angle of view,view angle
angled loofah,sing-kwa
angler,troller
angler fish,goosefish
anglerfish,goosefish
anglesea,Anglesey
anglesea island,Anglesey
anglesey island,Anglesey
angleworm,earthworm
anglican communion,Anglican Church
anglicisation,Anglicization
anglo-norman,Anglo-French
anglophil,anglophile
anglophile,anglophil
angolan capital,Luanda
angora,Ankara
angora cat,Angora
angora goat,Angora
angora rabbit,Angora
angostura,angostura bark
angostura bark,angostura
angoumois grain moth,angoumois moth
angoumois moth,angoumois grain moth
angraecum,genus Angrecum
angriness,anger
angry walk,stalk
angstrom,angstrom unit
angstrom unit,angstrom
anguilla sucklandii,tuna
anguillula aceti,vinegar eel
anguis fragilis,blindworm
anguish,torment
angular artery,arteria angularis
angular shape,angularity
angular vein,vena angularis
angularity,angular shape
angus,Angus Og
angus frank johnstone wilson,Wilson
angwantibo,golden potto
anhidrosis,anhydrosis
anhima cornuta,horned screamer
anhinga,snakebird
anhinga anhinga,water turkey
anhydrosis,anhidrosis
anicius manlius severinus boethius,Boethius
anigozanthus manglesii,kangaroo paw
anil,indigo
aniline,aniline oil
aniline oil,aniline
animadversion,censure
animal-worship,zoolatry
animal black,bone black
animal charcoal,bone black
animal fiber,animal fibre
animal fibre,animal fiber
animal foot,foot
animal kingdom,Animalia
animal magnetism,bewitchery
animal nature,animality
animal psychology,comparative psychology
animal scientist,zoologist
animal starch,glycogen
animal stuffer,taxidermist
animal toxin,zootoxin
animal trainer,handler
animalcule,animalculum
animalculum,animalcule
animalisation,brutalization
animalism,physicality
animality,animal nature
animalization,brutalization
animate being,animal
animate thing,living thing
animated cartoon,cartoon
animated oat,wild red oat
animateness,aliveness
animation,life
animator,energizer
anime,Zanzibar copal
animosity,animus
animus,animosity
anionic detergent,anionic
anise,anise plant
anise hyssop,Agastache foeniculum
anise plant,anise
anise seed,anise
aniseed,anise
anisette,anisette de Bordeaux
anisette de bordeaux,anisette
anisotremus surinamensis,pompon
anisotremus virginicus,porkfish
ankle,ankle joint
ankle bracelet,anklet
ankle joint,ankle
anklebone,astragal
anklet,anklets
anklets,anklet
ankyloglossia,tongue tie
ankylosaur,ankylosaurus
ankylosaurus,ankylosaur
ankylosing spondylitis,Marie-Strumpell disease
ankylosis,anchylosis
anlage,primordium
anna amalia mercouri,Mercouri
anna eleanor roosevelt,Roosevelt
anna howard shaw,Shaw
anna mary robertson moses,Moses
anna pavlova,Pavlova
annals,chronological record
annam,Vietnam
annamese,Vietnamese
annamite,Vietnamese
annapurna,Parvati
anne boleyn,Boleyn
anne bradstreet,Bradstreet
anne bronte,Bronte
anne dudley bradstreet,Bradstreet
anne hathaway,Hathaway
anne hutchinson,Hutchinson
anne mansfield sullivan,Sullivan
anne robert jacques turgot,Turgot
anne sexton,Sexton
anne sullivan,Sullivan
annealing,tempering
annelid worm,annelid
annex,annexe
annexa,adnexa
annexation,appropriation
annexe,annex
annie oakley,Oakley
annihilation,obliteration
anniversary,day of remembrance
annon,sweetsop
annona cherimola,cherimoya
annona diversifolia,ilama
annona glabra,pond apple
annona muricata,soursop
annona reticulata,bullock's heart
annona squamosa,sweetsop
annotating,annotation
annotation,note
announcement,proclamation
annoyance,irritation
annoyer,tease
annual fern,Jersey fern
annual parallax,heliocentric parallax
annual ring,growth ring
annualry,ring finger
annuity,rente
annulet,roundel
annulment,revocation
annulus,ring
annunciation day,Annunciation
annunciation lily,Madonna lily
annwn,Annwfn
ano,Fatah Revolutionary Council
anoa,dwarf buffalo
anoa depressicornis,anoa
anoa mindorensis,tamarau
anoestrum,anestrus
anoestrus,anestrus
anogramma leptophylla,annual fern
anointing,anointment
anointing of the sick,extreme unction
anointment,anointing
anole,American chameleon
anolis carolinensis,American chameleon
anomala orientalis,Oriental beetle
anomalops,flashlight fish
anomalopteryx,Anomalopteryx oweni
anomalopteryx oweni,anomalopteryx
anomalous communication,psychic communication
anomalousness,anomaly
anomaly,anomalousness
anomia,nominal aphasia
anomia ephippium,saddle oyster
anomic aphasia,nominal aphasia
anomie,anomy
anomy,anomie
anonym,pseudonym
anonymity,namelessness
anonymous file transfer protocol,anonymous ftp
anonymous ftp,anonymous file transfer protocol
anoplophora glabripennis,Asian longhorned beetle
anorak,parka
anorchia,anorchism
anorchidism,anorchism
anorchism,anorchidism
anorthography,agraphia
anova,analysis of variance
anovulant,pill
anovulatory drug,pill
anpu,Anubis
ans,autonomic nervous system
ansaid,flurbiprofen
ansar al-islam,Ansar al Islam
anser anser,greylag
anser cygnoides,Chinese goose
answer,reply
answerability,accountability
answerableness,accountability
answerer,respondent
ant,emmet
ant bear,giant anteater
ant bird,antbird
ant lion,doodlebug
antabuse,disulfiram
antagonism,hostility
antagonist,adversary
antakiya,Antioch
antakya,Antioch
antarctic continent,Antarctica
antarctic zone,Antarctic
antbird,ant bird
anteater,pangolin
antecedence,priority
antecedency,priority
antechamber,anteroom
antediluvian patriarch,antediluvian
antelope chipmunk,antelope squirrel
antelope squirrel,whitetail antelope squirrel
antenna,aerial
antennaria dioica,cat's foot
antennaria plantaginifolia,ladies' tobacco
antepenult,antepenultima
antepenultima,antepenult
anterior cerebral vein,vena cerebri anterior
anterior crural nerve,femoral nerve
anterior facial vein,vena facialis anterior
anterior horn,ventral root
anterior labial veins,venae labiales anteriores
anterior naris,nostril
anterior pituitary,anterior pituitary gland
anterior pituitary gland,anterior pituitary
anterior root,ventral root
anterior serratus muscle,serratus anterior
anterior temporal artery,arteria temporalis anterior
anterior vertebral vein,vena vertebralis anterior
anteriority,priority
anterograde amnesia,posttraumatic amnesia
anteroom,antechamber
anthem,hymn
anthemis arvensis,corn chamomile
anthemis cotula,mayweed
anthemis nobilis,chamomile
anthemis tinctoria,yellow chamomile
antheraea mylitta,tussah
antheraea pernyi,pernyi moth
antheraea polyphemus,polyphemus moth
anthericum liliago,Saint-Bernard's-lily
anthericum torreyi,amber lily
antheropeas wallacei,woolly daisy
antherozoid,spermatozoid
anthesis,blossoming
anthill,formicary
anthonomus grandis,boll weevil
anthony,Antony
anthony burgess,Burgess
anthony charles lynton blair,Blair
anthony comstock,Comstock
anthony hopkins,Hopkins
anthony trollope,Trollope
anthony vandyke,Vandyke
anthony wayne,Wayne
anthophyta,Angiospermae
anthozoan,actinozoan
anthracite,anthracite coal
anthracite coal,anthracite
anthracosis,black lung
anthrax,splenic fever
anthrax bacillus,Bacillus anthracis
anthrax pneumonia,pulmonary anthrax
anthrenus scrophulariae,buffalo carpet beetle
anthriscus cereifolium,chervil
anthriscus sylvestris,cow parsley
anthropocentricity,anthropocentrism
anthropocentrism,anthropocentricity
anthropogenesis,anthropogeny
anthropogeny,anthropogenesis
anthropolatry,worship of man
anthropology department,department of anthropology
anthropomorphism,theanthropism
anthropophagite,cannibal
anthropophagus,cannibal
anthurium,tailflower
anthurium andraeanum,flamingo flower
anthurium scherzerianum,flamingo flower
anthus pratensis,meadow pipit
anthyllis barba-jovis,Jupiter's beard
anthyllis vulneraria,kidney vetch
anti-imperialist international brigade,Japanese Red Army
anti-impotence drug,virility drug
anti-inflammatory,anti-inflammatory drug
anti-inflammatory drug,anti-inflammatory
anti-personnel bomb,fragmentation bomb
anti-racketeering law,Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act
anti-sway bar,stabilizer bar
anti-torque rotor,tail rotor
antiacid,antacid
antiaircraft gun,antiaircraft
antianxiety agent,tranquilizer
antianxiety drug,minor tranquilizer
antiarrhythmic,antiarrhythmic drug
antiarrhythmic drug,antiarrhythmic
antiarrhythmic medication,antiarrhythmic
antibacterial drug,antibacterial
antiballistic missile,ABM
antiberiberi factor,vitamin B1
antibiotic drug,antibiotic
anticholinergic drug,anticholinergic
anticipation,expectancy
anticipator,anticipant
anticipatory breach,constructive breach
anticlimax,bathos
anticoagulant,anticoagulant medication
anticoagulant medication,anticoagulant
anticonvulsant,anticonvulsant drug
anticonvulsant drug,anticonvulsant
antidepressant,antidepressant drug
antidepressant drug,antidepressant
antidiabetic,antidiabetic drug
antidiabetic drug,antidiabetic
antidiarrheal,antidiarrheal drug
antidiarrheal drug,antidiarrheal
antidiuretic,antidiuretic drug
antidiuretic drug,antidiuretic
antidiuretic hormone,vasopressin
antidorcas euchore,springbok
antidorcas marsupialis,springbok
antidote,counterpoison
antielectron,positron
antiemetic,antiemetic drug
antiemetic drug,antiemetic
antiepileptic,anticonvulsant
antiepileptic drug,anticonvulsant
antiestablishmentarianism,antiestablishmentism
antiestablishmentism,antiestablishmentarianism
antifeminism,male chauvinism
antifungal agent,antifungal
antigenic determinant,determinant
antigonus cyclops,Antigonus
antihaemophilic factor,antihemophilic factor
antihaemophilic globulin,antihemophilic factor
antihemophilic factor,antihaemophilic factor
antihemophilic globulin,antihemophilic factor
antihemorrhagic factor,vitamin K
antihypertensive,antihypertensive drug
antihypertensive drug,antihypertensive
antilocapra americana,pronghorn
antilog,antilogarithm
antilogarithm,antilog
antilope cervicapra,blackbuck
antimalarial,antimalarial drug
antimalarial drug,antimalarial
antimonial lead,hard lead
antimony,Sb
antimony potassium tartrate,tartar emetic
antimuon,positive muon
antimycotic,antifungal
antimycotic agent,antifungal
antineoplastic drug,antineoplastic
antiophthalmic factor,vitamin A
antipathy,aversion
antipernicious anemia factor,vitamin B12
antipersonnel bomb,fragmentation bomb
antiphon,antiphony
antiphony,antiphon
antipodal opposition,antipodal
antipodes,antipode
antiprotozoal,antiprotozoal drug
antiprotozoal drug,antiprotozoal
antipsychotic,major tranquilizer
antipsychotic agent,major tranquilizer
antipsychotic drug,major tranquilizer
antiquary,antiquarian
antiquity,ancientness
antirrhinum coulterianum,white snapdragon
antirrhinum filipes,yellow twining snapdragon
antirrhinum majus,Mediterranean snapdragon
antisemitism,anti-Semitism
antisepsis,asepsis
antisocial personality disorder,sociopathic personality
antispasmodic,spasmolytic
antispasmodic agent,antispasmodic
antitauon,tau-plus particle
antitrade,antitrade wind
antitrade wind,antitrade
antitrades,antitrade wind
antitrust law,antitrust legislation
antitrust legislation,antitrust law
antivenene,antivenin
antivenin,antivenene
antivert,meclizine
antiviral agent,antiviral
antiviral drug,antiviral
antler moth,Cerapteryx graminis
antlion,doodlebug
antlion fly,ant lion
antoine domino,Domino
antoine henri becquerel,Becquerel
antoine laurent de jussieu,Jussieu
antoine laurent lavoisier,Lavoisier
antoine lavoisier,Lavoisier
anton bruckner,Bruckner
anton chekhov,Chekhov
anton chekov,Chekhov
anton gregor rubinstein,Rubinstein
anton grigorevich rubinstein,Rubinstein
anton pavlovich chekhov,Chekhov
anton pavlovich chekov,Chekhov
anton rubenstein,Rubinstein
anton van leeuwenhoek,Leuwenhoek
anton van leuwenhoek,Leuwenhoek
antonin dvorak,Dvorak
antonio allegri da correggio,Correggio
antonio gaudi,Gaudi
antonio gaudi i cornet,Gaudi
antonio ghislieri,Pius V
antonio lopez de santa ana,Santa Anna
antonio lopez de santa anna,Santa Anna
antonio lucio vivaldi,Vivaldi
antonio pignatelli,Innocent XII
antonio stradivari,Stradivari
antonio vivaldi,Vivaldi
antonius,Antony
antonius stradivarius,Stradivari
antony tudor,Tudor
antonym,opposite word
antrozous pallidus,pallid bat
antwerp,Antwerpen
anura,Salientia
anuresis,anuria
anuria,anuresis
anvers,Antwerpen
anvil,incus
anwar el-sadat,Sadat
anwar sadat,Sadat
anxiety,anxiousness
anxiety reaction,generalized anxiety disorder
anxiolytic drug,minor tranquilizer
anxiousness,anxiety
aotus trivirgatus,douroucouli
aoudad,arui
apalachicola river,Apalachicola
apanage,appanage
apar,three-banded armadillo
apartment,flat
apartment building,apartment house
apartment house,apartment building
apathy,indifference
apatosaur,apatosaurus
apatosaurus,apatosaur
apatosaurus excelsus,apatosaur
apatura iris,purple emperor
apc,armored personnel carrier
ape,copycat
ape-man,missing link
aper,copycat
aperea,wild cavy
apery,mimicry
apex,vertex
apex of the sun's way,apex
aphaeresis,apheresis
apheresis,aphaeresis
aphid lion,aphis lion
aphis fabae,blackfly
aphis lion,aphid lion
aphis pomi,apple aphid
aphonia,voicelessness
aphorism,apothegm
aphriza virgata,surfbird
aphrophora saratogensis,Saratoga spittlebug
apiaceae,Umbelliferae
apiarist,beekeeper
apiary,bee house
apiculture,beekeeping
apiculturist,beekeeper
apios americana,groundnut
apios tuberosa,groundnut
apis mellifera,honeybee
apis mellifera adansonii,Africanized bee
apis mellifera scutellata,Africanized bee
apium graveolens,wild celery
apium graveolens dulce,celery
apium graveolens rapaceum,celeriac
aplacophora,Solenogastres
aplacophoran,solenogaster
aplastic anaemia,aplastic anemia
aplastic anemia,aplastic anaemia
aplectrum hyemale,puttyroot
aplodontia rufa,mountain beaver
aplomb,assuredness
aplysia punctata,sea hare
apoapsis,point of apoapsis
apocalypse,Revelation
apocynum androsaemifolium,common dogbane
apocynum cannabinum,Indian hemp
apocynum pumilum,Rocky Mountain dogbane
apodemus sylvaticus,European wood mouse
apogee,culmination
apogon maculatus,flame fish
apologia,apology
apologist,vindicator
apologue,fable
apology,apologia
apolune,aposelene
apophthegm,aphorism
apoplexy,stroke
apoptosis,programmed cell death
aporocactus flagelliformis,rattail cactus
aposelene,apolune
aposematic coloration,warning coloration
apostasy,renunciation
apostelic father,Apostle
apostle of germany,Boniface
apostle of the gentiles,Paul
apostle paul,Paul
apothecaries' ounce,ounce
apothecaries' pound,troy pound
apothecaries' unit,apothecaries' weight
apothecaries' weight,apothecaries' unit
apothecary,pharmacist
apothecary's shop,drugstore
apothegm,aphorism
apotheosis,ideal
appalachian mountains,Appalachians
appanage,apanage
apparatus,setup
apparatus urogenitalis,urogenital system
apparel,wearing apparel
apparel industry,garment industry
apparency,apparentness
apparent horizon,horizon
apparent motion,motion
apparent movement,apparent motion
apparentness,apparency
apparition,phantom
appeal,entreaty
appeal board,appeals board
appealingness,appeal
appeals board,appeal board
appeals court,appellate court
appearance,visual aspect
appearing,appearance
appeasement,calming
appellate court,appeals court
appellation,denomination
appendage,extremity
appendectomy,appendicectomy
appendicectomy,appendectomy
appendicular artery,arteria appendicularis
appendicular vein,vena appendicularis
appendix,vermiform appendix
appetence,appetite
appetency,appetite
appetiser,appetizer
appetisingness,appetizingness
appetite,appetency
appetite suppressant,suppressant
appetizer,appetiser
appetizingness,appetisingness
applauder,clapper
applause,hand clapping
apple,orchard apple tree
apple aphid,green apple aphid
apple blight,apple canker
apple canker,apple blight
apple geranium,nutmeg geranium
apple maggot,railroad worm
apple mint,applemint
apple nut,ivory nut
apple polisher,bootlicker
apple rust,cedar-apple rust
apple sauce,applesauce
applemint,apple mint
applesauce,apple sauce
appliance,contraption
applicability,pertinence
applicant,applier
application,practical application
application-oriented language,problem-oriented language
application program,application
applications programme,application
applicator,applier
applied anatomy,clinical anatomy
applied math,applied mathematics
applied mathematics,applied math
applied psychology,industrial psychology
applied science,engineering
applied scientist,engineer
applier,applicant
appoggiatura,grace note
appointee,appointment
appointment,assignment
appointment book,appointment calendar
appointment calendar,appointment book
apportioning,allotment
apportionment,allotment
appositeness,aptness
apposition,juxtaposition
appraisal,assessment
appraiser,valuator
appreciation,grasp
appreciativeness,gratefulness
apprehender,knower
apprehension,apprehensiveness
apprehensiveness,apprehension
apprentice,learner
apprisal,telling
approach,attack
approach path,approach
approach pattern,traffic pattern
approach shot,approach
approach trench,communication trench
approachability,accessibility
appropriateness,rightness
appropriation,annexation
approval,blessing
approximate range,ballpark
approximation,estimate
appurtenance,gear
apr,April
apresoline,hydralazine
apricot,apricot tree
apricot tree,apricot
april 14,Pan American Day
april fools' day,April Fools'
apron,proscenium
apse,apsis
apsis,apse
aptenodytes forsteri,emperor penguin
aptenodytes patagonica,king penguin
apteryx,kiwi
aptness,propensity
apulia,Puglia
apus apus,European swift
apyretic tetanus,tetany
aqaba,Al Aqabah
aqua,greenish blue
aqua-lung,aqualung
aqua fortis,nitric acid
aqua regia,nitrohydrochloric acid
aqua vitae,ardent spirits
aqualung,Aqua-Lung
aquamarine,greenish blue
aquanaut,skin-diver
aquarium,fish tank
aquarius the water bearer,Aquarius
aquatic fern,water fern
aquatic plant,water plant
aquatics,water sport
aquavit,akvavit
aqueductus cerebri,cerebral aqueduct
aqueous humor,aqueous humour
aqueous humour,aqueous humor
aquiculture,hydroponics
aquila chrysaetos,golden eagle
aquila degli abruzzi,Aquila
aquila rapax,tawny eagle
aquilege,columbine
aquilegia,columbine
aquilegia caerulea,blue columbine
aquilegia canadensis,meeting house
aquilegia scopulorum calcarea,blue columbine
aquilegia vulgaris,granny's bonnets
aquitania,Aquitaine
ar,argon
ar rimsal,Rub al-Khali
arab-berbers,Berbers
arab chief,sheik
arab republic of egypt,Egypt
arab revolutionary brigades,Fatah Revolutionary Council
arabia,Arabian Peninsula
arabian gulf,Persian Gulf
arabian nights,Arabian Nights' Entertainment
arabian tea,kat
arabic language,Arabic
arabis canadensis,sicklepod
arabis glabra,tower mustard
arabis turrita,tower cress
arachis hypogaea,peanut
arachnid,arachnoid
arachnoid membrane,arachnoid
araguaia river,Araguaia
araguaya,Araguaia
araguaya river,Araguaia
arak,arrack
aral sea,Lake Aral
aralia elata,Japanese angelica tree
aralia hispida,bristly sarsaparilla
aralia nudicaulis,wild sarsaparilla
aralia racemosa,American spikenard
aralia spinosa,American angelica tree
aralia stipulata,Chinese angelica
aram ilich khachaturian,Khachaturian
aram kachaturian,Kachaturian
aram khachaturian,Khachaturian
aramaic script,Aramaic
aramus guarauna,courlan
aramus pictus,limpkin
aranea diademata,garden spider
araneida,Araneae
araneus,Aranea
araneus cavaticus,barn spider
arapahoe,Arapaho
arariba,Centrolobium robustum
araroba,Goa powder
araucaria araucana,monkey puzzle
araucaria bidwillii,bunya bunya
araucaria columnaris,new caledonian pine
araucaria cunninghamii,hoop pine
araucaria excelsa,norfolk island pine
araucaria family,Araucariaceae
araucaria heterophylla,norfolk island pine
araujia sericofera,cruel plant
arava,leflunomide
araxes,Aras
arb,arbitrageur
arbalest,catapult
arbalist,catapult
arbiter,supreme authority
arbitrager,arbitrageur
arbitrageur,arbitrager
arbitrament,arbitration
arbitrariness,flightiness
arbitration,arbitrament
arbitrator,arbiter
arbitrement,arbitration
arbor,spindle
arboreal salamander,Aneides lugubris
arboretum,botanical garden
arboriculture,tree farming
arboriculturist,forester
arborist,tree surgeon
arborolatry,tree-worship
arborvirus,arbovirus
arbour,arbor
arbovirus,arborvirus
arbutus menziesii,madrona
arbutus unedo,strawberry tree
arc,discharge
arc-boutant,flying buttress
arc cosecant,arccosecant
arc cosine,arccosine
arc cotangent,arccotangent
arc lamp,arc light
arc light,arc lamp
arc secant,arcsecant
arc sine,arcsine
arc tangent,arctangent
arcade,colonnade
arcadic dialect,Arcadic
arcado-cyprians,Achaean
arcangelo corelli,Corelli
arcanum,secret
arccos,arc cosine
arccosecant,arc cosecant
arccosine,arc cosine
arccotangent,arc cotangent
arcdegree,degree
arceuthobium pusillum,American mistletoe
archaebacteria,archaebacterium
archaebacterium,archaebacteria
archaeobacteria,archaebacteria
archaeologist,archeologist
archaeology,archeology
archaeopteryx,archeopteryx
archaeopteryx lithographica,archaeopteryx
archaeozoic aeon,Archean
archaicism,archaism
archaism,archaicism
archaist,antiquary
archangel,garden angelica
archean aeon,Archean
archean eon,Archean
archeobacteria,archaebacteria
archeological site,dig
archeologist,archaeologist
archeology,archaeology
archeopteryx,archaeopteryx
archeozoic eon,Archean
archer,bowman
archerfish,Toxotes jaculatrix
archespore,archesporium
archesporium,archespore
archetype,original
archibald macleish,MacLeish
archibald percival wavell,Wavell
archidiskidon imperator,imperial mammoth
archil,orchil
archimandrite,abbot
archipallium,paleocortex
architect,designer
architectonics,tectonics
architectural plan,plan
architectural style,style of architecture
architecture,computer architecture
architeuthis,giant squid
archives,archive
archness,impertinence
archosargus probatocephalus,sheepshead
archosargus rhomboidalis,Atlantic sea bream
archosaur,archosaurian
archosaurian reptile,archosaur
archpriest,hierarch
archway,arch
arcminute,minute
arcsec,arc secant
arcsecant,arc secant
arcsecond,second
arcsin,arc sine
arcsine,arc sine
arctan,arc tangent
arctangent,arc tangent
arctic hare,polar hare
arctic moss,reindeer moss
arctic mouse-ear,Alpine mouse-ear
arctic poppy,Iceland poppy
arctic skua,parasitic jaeger
arctic willow,Salix arctica
arctic wolf,white wolf
arctic zone,Arctic
arctictis bintourong,binturong
arctiid,arctiid moth
arctiid moth,arctiid
arctium lappa,great burdock
arctium minus,common burdock
arctocebus calabarensis,angwantibo
arctocephalus philippi,guadalupe fur seal
arctonyx collaris,hog badger
arctostaphylos alpina,alpine bearberry
arctostaphylos andersonii,heartleaf manzanita
arctostaphylos manzanita,Parry manzanita
arctostaphylos tomentosa,downy manzanita
arctostaphylos uva-ursi,common bearberry
arctotis stoechadifolia,blue-eyed African daisy
arctotis venusta,blue-eyed African daisy
arcuate artery,arteria arcuata
arcuate vein of the kidney,vena arcuata renis
arcus,arcus senilis
arcus senilis,arcus
arcus zygomaticus,zygoma
arda,Advanced Research and Development Activity
ardea herodius,great blue heron
ardea occidentalis,great white heron
ardennes counteroffensive,Battle of the Ardennes Bulge
ardent spirits,aqua vitae
ardisia crenata,coralberry
ardisia escallonoides,marlberry
ardisia paniculata,marlberry
ardor,ardour
ardour,ardor
ards,adult respiratory distress syndrome
arduousness,strenuousness
are,ar
area,country
area 17 of brodmann,striate cortex
area bombing,carpet bombing
area unit,square measure
areca catechu,betel palm
areca nut,betel nut
arecaceae,Palmae
arena,sphere
arena theater,theater in the round
arenaria-melanocephala,black turnstone
arenaria caroliniana,pine-barren sandwort
arenaria groenlandica,mountain sandwort
arenaria interpres,ruddy turnstone
arenaria peploides,seabeach sandwort
arenaria serpyllifolia,thyme-leaved sandwort
arenaria stricta,rock sandwort
arenga pinnata,sugar palm
areola,ring of color
arere,obeche
areteria cervicalis,cervical artery
arethusa bulbosa,bog rose
argal,argali
argali,argal
argasid,soft tick
argemone,prickly poppy
argemone mexicana,Mexican poppy
argentine republic,Argentina
argiope aurantia,black and gold garden spider
argle-bargle,argy-bargy
argon,Ar
argonauta argo,paper nautilus
argonne,Meuse
argonne forest,Meuse
argonon,noble gas
argot,slang
arguer,debater
arguing,controversy
argument,statement
argumentation,argument
argun river,Argun
argus pheasant,argus
argy-bargy,argle-bargle
argyle,argyll
argyll,argyle
argyranthemum frutescens,marguerite
argyrol,mild silver protein
argyrotaenia citrana,orange tortrix
argyroxiphium sandwicense,silversword
arhant,Arhat
arial mosaic,mosaic
arianrod,Arianrhod
aricara,Arikara
aridity,fruitlessness
aridness,aridity
aries the ram,Aries
arietta,short aria
arilus cristatus,wheel bug
ariocarpus fissuratus,living rock
arisaema atrorubens,jack-in-the-pulpit
arisaema dracontium,green dragon
arisaema triphyllum,jack-in-the-pulpit
arisarum vulgare,friar's-cowl
arishth,neem
aristide maillol,Maillol
aristocort,triamcinolone
aristocracy,nobility
aristocrat,blue blood
aristolochia clematitis,birthwort
aristolochia durior,Dutchman's-pipe
aristolochia macrophylla,Dutchman's-pipe
aristolochia serpentaria,Virginia snakeroot
aristopak,triamcinolone
aristotelia racemosa,makomako
aristotelia serrata,makomako
arithmetic mean,first moment
arizona elegans,glossy snake
arizona wild cotton,wild cotton
arizonian,Arizonan
ark of the covenant,Ark
arkansas river,Arkansas
arkansawyer,Arkansan
arles,earnest money
arm,branch
arm band,armlet
arm guard,arm pad
arm pad,arm guard
armament,arming
armand jean du plessis,Richelieu
armed bullhead,pogge
armed combat,combat
armed forces,military
armed robbery,heist
armed service,military service
armed services,military
armenian alphabet,Armenian
armenian apostolic orthodox church,Armenian Church
armenian language,Armenian
armeria maritima,cliff rose
armerican cheddar,cheddar
armguard,bracer
armiger,armor-bearer
armilla,armillary sphere
armillariella mellea,honey mushroom
armillary sphere,armilla
armin,Arminius
arming,armament
armistice,cease-fire
armistice day,Veterans Day
armlet,arm band
armor,armour
armor-bearer,armiger
armor plate,armour plate
armor plating,armor plate
armoracia rusticana,horseradish
armored car,armoured car
armored combat vehicle,tank
armored personnel carrier,armoured personnel carrier
armored sea robin,armored searobin
armored searobin,armored sea robin
armored vehicle,armoured vehicle
armorer,armourer
armorial bearing,charge
armory,armoury
armour,armor
armour plate,armor plate
armoured car,armored car
armoured combat vehicle,tank
armoured personnel carrier,armored personnel carrier
armoured vehicle,armored vehicle
armourer,armorer
armoury,armory
armpit,axilla
arms,weaponry
arms-runner,gunrunner
arms industry,munitions industry
army,regular army
army ant,driver ant
army corps,corps
army cutworm,Chorizagrotis auxiliaris
army engineer,military engineer
army hut,hut
army of muhammad,Jaish-i-Mohammed
army of the confederacy,Confederate Army
army of the pure,Lashkar-e-Taiba
army of the righteous,Lashkar-e-Taiba
army tank,tank
army worm,armyworm
armyworm,army worm
arna wendell bontemps,Bontemps
arng,Army National Guard
arnica bud,fall dandelion
arnica cordifolia,heartleaf arnica
arno river,Arno
arnold daniel palmer,Palmer
arnold gesell,Gesell
arnold joseph toynbee,Toynbee
arnold lucius gesell,Gesell
arnold palmer,Palmer
arnold schoenberg,Schonberg
arnold schonberg,Schonberg
arnold toynbee,Toynbee
arnoseris minima,lamb succory
aroeira blanca,Schinus chichita
arolla pine,Swiss pine
aroma,olfactory property
arouet,Voltaire
arousal,rousing
arouser,waker
arquebus,harquebus
arrack,arak
arrangement,agreement
arranger,organizer
arranging,arrangement
arras,tapestry
array,raiment
arrest,apprehension
arrest warrant,bench warrant
arrested development,fixation
arrester,arrester hook
arrester hook,arrester
arrhenatherum elatius,tall oat grass
arrhenius theory of dissociation,theory of dissociation
arrhythmia,cardiac arrhythmia
arriere pensee,mental reservation
arrival,reaching
arrival time,time of arrival
arrivederci,adieu
arriver,arrival
arriviste,upstart
arrogance,haughtiness
arrogation,confiscation
arrow,pointer
arrow-grass family,Scheuchzeriaceae
arrow grass,Triglochin maritima
arrow wood,Viburnum recognitum
arrowleaf groundsel,Senecio triangularis
arrowroot,American arrowroot
arrowroot family,Marantaceae
arrowworm,chaetognath
arroyo willow,Salix lasiolepis
arse,buttocks
arsehole,arse
arsenal,armory
arsenic,arsenic trioxide
arsenic group,cacodyl
arsenic trioxide,arsenic
arsenopyrite,mispickel
arsenous anhydride,arsenic
arsenous oxide,arsenic
arson,incendiarism
arsonist,incendiary
art,fine art
art deco,deco
art gallery,gallery
art movement,artistic movement
art object,objet d'art
art rock,progressive rock
art tatum,Tatum
artaxerxes,Artaxerxes II
artefact,artifact
artemia salina,brine shrimp
artemis pontica,Roman wormwood
artemis spinescens,bud brush
artemisia abrotanum,southernwood
artemisia absinthium,common wormwood
artemisia annua,sweet wormwood
artemisia californica,California sagebrush
artemisia campestris,field wormwood
artemisia cana,silver sage
artemisia dracunculus,tarragon
artemisia filifolia,sand sage
artemisia frigida,wormwood sage
artemisia gnaphalodes,western mugwort
artemisia ludoviciana,western mugwort
artemisia maritima,sea wormwood
artemisia stelleriana,dusty miller
artemisia tridentata,big sagebrush
artemisia vulgaris,common mugwort
artemus ward,Browne
arteria,artery
arteria alveolaris,alveolar artery
arteria alveolaris inferior,inferior alveolar artery
arteria alveolaris superior,superior alveolar artery
arteria angularis,angular artery
arteria appendicularis,appendicular artery
arteria arcuata,arcuate artery
arteria ascendens,ascending artery
arteria auricularis,auricular artery
arteria axillaris,axillary artery
arteria basilaris,basilar artery
arteria brachialis,brachial artery
arteria buccalis,buccal artery
arteria bulbi penis,artery of the penis bulb
arteria bulbi vestibuli,artery of the vestibule bulb
arteria carotis,carotid artery
arteria celiaca,celiac trunk
arteria centralis retinae,central artery of the retina
arteria cerebelli,cerebellar artery
arteria cerebri,cerebral artery
arteria choroidea,choroidal artery
arteria ciliaris,ciliary artery
arteria circumflexa femoris,circumflex artery of the thigh
arteria circumflexa humeri,circumflex humeral artery
arteria circumflexa ilium,circumflex iliac artery
arteria circumflexa scapulae,circumflex scapular artery
arteria colica,colic artery
arteria communicans,communicating artery
arteria coronaria,coronary artery
arteria cystica,cystic artery
arteria digitalis,digital arteries
arteria epigastrica,epigastric artery
arteria ethmoidalis,ethmoidal artery
arteria facialis,facial artery
arteria femoralis,femoral artery
arteria gastrica,gastric artery
arteria gastrica breves,short gastric artery
arteria gastrica sinistra,left gastric artery
arteria glutes,gluteal artery
arteria hepatica,hepatic artery
arteria ileocolica,ileocolic artery
arteria ileum,ileal artery
arteria iliaca,iliac artery
arteria iliolumbalis,iliolumbar artery
arteria infraorbitalis,infraorbital artery
arteria intercostalis,intercostal artery
arteria labialis,labial artery
arteria labialis inferior,inferior labial artery
arteria labialis superior,superior labial artery
arteria lacrimalis,lacrimal artery
arteria laryngea,laryngeal artery
arteria lienalis,lienal artery
arteria lingualis,lingual artery
arteria lumbalis,lumbar artery
arteria maxillaris,maxillary artery
arteria meningea,meningeal artery
arteria mesenterica,mesenteric artery
arteria metacarpea,metacarpal artery
arteria metatarsea,metatarsal artery
arteria musculophrenica,musculophrenic artery
arteria nutricia,nutrient artery
arteria ophthalmica,ophthalmic artery
arteria ovarica,ovarian artery
arteria palatina,palatine artery
arteria pancreatica,pancreatic artery
arteria perinealis,perineal artery
arteria poplitea,popliteal artery
arteria pudenda,pudendal artery
arteria pulmonalis,pulmonary artery
arteria radialis,radial artery
arteria rectalis,rectal artery
arteria renalis,renal artery
arteria subclavia,subclavian artery
arteria temporalis anterior,anterior temporal artery
arteria temporalis intermedia,intermediate temporal artery
arteria temporalis posterior,posterior temporal artery
arteria testicularis,testicular artery
arteria ulnaris,ulnar artery
arteria uterina,uterine artery
arteria vaginalis,vaginal artery
arteria vertebralis,vertebral artery
arterial blood vessel,artery
arterial sclerosis,arteriosclerosis
arteriectasia,arteriectasis
arteriectasis,arteriectasia
arteriola,arteriole
arteriole,arteriola
arteriosclerosis,arterial sclerosis
artery,arteria
artery of the labyrinth,labyrinthine artery
artery of the penis bulb,arteria bulbi penis
artery of the vestibule bulb,arteria bulbi vestibuli
arthur ashe,Ashe
arthur compton,Compton
arthur conan doyle,Conan Doyle
arthur edwin kennelly,Kennelly
arthur evans,Evans
arthur fiedler,Fiedler
arthur garfield hays,Hays
arthur holly compton,Compton
arthur holmes,Holmes
arthur honegger,Honegger
arthur jacob arshawsky,Shaw
arthur james balfour,Balfour
arthur john gielgud,Gielgud
arthur koestler,Koestler
arthur laffer,Laffer
arthur marx,Marx
arthur meier schlesinger,Schlesinger
arthur meier schlesinger jr.,Schlesinger
arthur miller,Miller
arthur mitchell,Mitchell
arthur neville chamberlain,Chamberlain
arthur rimbaud,Rimbaud
arthur robert ashe,Ashe
arthur rubinstein,Rubinstein
arthur schlesinger,Schlesinger
arthur schlesinger jr.,Schlesinger
arthur schopenhauer,Schopenhauer
arthur seymour sullivan,Sullivan
arthur stanley jefferson laurel,Laurel
arthur sullivan,Sullivan
arthur symons,Symons
arthur tappan,Tappan
arthur tatum,Tatum
arthur wellesley,Wellington
artichoke,globe artichoke
artichoke plant,artichoke
article,clause
article of clothing,clothing
article of faith,credendum
article of furniture,furniture
articles of agreement,shipping articles
articulated lorry,trailer truck
articulateness,fluency
articulatio,joint
articulatio coxae,hip
articulatio cubiti,elbow
articulatio genus,knee
articulatio humeri,shoulder
articulatio plana,gliding joint
articulatio radiocarpea,wrist
articulatio spheroidea,ball-and-socket joint
articulatio synovialis,synovial joint
articulatio talocruralis,ankle
articulatio temporomandibularis,mandibular joint
articulatio trochoidea,pivot joint
articulation,join
artie shaw,Shaw
artifact,artefact
artifice,ruse
artificer,inventor
artificial additive,food additive
artificial horizon,gyro horizon
artificial insemination,AI
artificial intelligence,AI
artificial kidney,hemodialyzer
artificial lake,reservoir
artificial pacemaker,pacemaker
artificial satellite,satellite
artillery,heavy weapon
artillery fire,cannon fire
artillery plant,Pilea microphylla
artillery unit,artillery
artilleryman,cannoneer
artiodactyl mammal,even-toed ungulate
artisan,craftsman
artist,creative person
artist's model,sitter
artist's workroom,atelier
artistic creation,art
artistic movement,art movement
artistic production,art
artistic style,idiom
artistry,art
artium baccalaurens,Bachelor of Arts
artium magister,Master of Arts
artlessness,innocence
artocarpus altilis,breadfruit
artocarpus communis,breadfruit
artocarpus heterophyllus,jackfruit
artocarpus odoratissima,marang
arts,humanistic discipline
artsd,Doctor of Arts
artur rubinstein,Rubinstein
artur schnabel,Schnabel
arturo toscanini,Toscanini
artwork,art
arugula,rocket
arui,aoudad
arum,aroid
arum family,Araceae
arum lily,calla lily
arum maculatum,cuckoopint
arum palaestinum,black calla
arundinaria gigantea,giant cane
arundinaria tecta,small cane
arundo conspicua,toetoe
arundo donax,giant reed
arundo richardii,plumed tussock
arvicola amphibius,water vole
arytaenoid,arytenoid
arytenoid,arytaenoid
arytenoid cartilage,arytenoid
asa dulcis,benzoin
asa gray,Gray
asa yoelson,Jolson
asadha,Asarh
asafetida,asafoetida
asafoetida,asafetida
asala,Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia
asamiya,Assamese
asaph hall,Hall
asarabacca,Asarum europaeum
asarum canadense,Canada ginger
asarum europaeum,asarabacca
asarum shuttleworthii,heartleaf
asarum virginicum,heartleaf
ascaphus trui,tailed frog
ascaridia galli,chicken roundworm
ascaris lumbricoides,common roundworm
ascendance,dominance
ascendancy,dominance
ascendence,dominance
ascendency,dominance
ascending artery,arteria ascendens
ascension day,Ascension
ascension of christ,Ascension
ascension of the lord,Ascension
ascent,acclivity
ascesis,asceticism
asceticism,austerity
aschelminthes,Nematoda
ascii,American Standard Code for Information Interchange
ascii control character,control character
asclepia meadii,Mead's milkweed
asclepias albicans,white milkweed
asclepias curassavica,blood flower
asclepias exaltata,poke milkweed
asclepias incarnata,swamp milkweed
asclepias meadii,Mead's milkweed
asclepias purpurascens,purple silkweed
asclepias speciosa,showy milkweed
asclepias subverticillata,poison milkweed
asclepias tuberosa,butterfly weed
asclepias verticillata,whorled milkweed
asclepius,Aesculapius
ascomycete,ascomycetous fungus
ascomycetous fungus,ascomycete
ascomycotina,Ascomycota
ascophyllum nodosum,bladderwrack
ascorbic acid,vitamin C
ascription,attribution
asdic,sonar
asean,Association of Southeast Asian Nations
asepsis,antisepsis
asexual reproduction,agamogenesis
asexuality,sexlessness
ash,ash tree
ash-bin,ashcan
ash-leaved maple,box elder
ash bin,ashcan
ash cake,ashcake
ash gray,ash grey
ash grey,ash gray
ash tree,ash
ashbin,ashcan
ashcake,ash cake
ashcan,trash can
ashir,Ashur
ashley montagu,Montagu
ashtoreth,Astarte
asian nation,Asian country
asian seabass,barramundi
asian shamanism,shamanism
asiatic beetle,Oriental beetle
asiatic buffalo,water buffalo
asiatic cholera,cholera
asiatic cockroach,oriental cockroach
asiatic flu,Asian influenza
asimina triloba,pawpaw
asio otus,long-eared owl
asker,inquirer
asking,request
asking price,selling price
asklepios,Aesculapius
asmera,Asmara
asp,asp viper
asp viper,asp
aspadana,Isfahan
aspalathus cedcarbergensis,rooibos
aspalathus linearis,rooibos
asparaginase,Elspar
asparagus,edible asparagus
asparagus asparagoides,smilax
asparagus bean,yard-long bean
asparagus fern,Asparagus setaceous
asparagus officinales,asparagus
asparagus pea,winged pea
asparagus plumosus,asparagus fern
asparagus setaceous,asparagus fern
aspect,facet
aspen poplar,white poplar
aspergill,aspersorium
aspergillales,Eurotiales
aspergillosis,brooder pneumonia
asperity,grimness
aspersion,slur
aspersorium,aspergill
asperula odorata,sweet woodruff
asperula tinctoria,dyer's woodruff
asphalt,mineral pitch
asphodeline lutea,king's spear
asphyxiation,suffocation
asphyxiator,fire extinguisher
aspidelaps lubricus,African coral snake
aspidiotus perniciosus,San Jose scale
aspidistra,cast-iron plant
aspidistra elatio,aspidistra
aspidophoroides monopterygius,alligatorfish
aspinwall,Colon
aspiration,ambition
aspirer,aspirant
aspirin,acetylsalicylic acid
aspirin powder,headache powder
aspis,genus Cerastes
asplenium adiantum-nigrum,black spleenwort
asplenium billotii,lanceolate spleenwort
asplenium bradleyi,Bradley's spleenwort
asplenium ceterach,scale fern
asplenium montanum,mountain spleenwort
asplenium nidus,bird's nest fern
asplenium nigripes,Schaffneria nigripes
asplenium pinnatifidum,lobed spleenwort
asplenium platyneuron,ebony spleenwort
asplenium rhizophyllum,walking fern
asplenium ruta-muraria,wall rue
asplenium scolopendrium,hart's-tongue
asplenium trichomanes,maidenhair spleenwort
asplenium viride,green spleenwort
ass,buttocks
ass-kisser,sycophant
assagai,assegai
assailant,attacker
assam fever,visceral leishmaniasis
assam rubber,India-rubber tree
assassin,assassinator
assassin bug,reduviid
assassination,character assassination
assassinator,assassin
assault and battery,battery
assault gun,assault rifle
assault rifle,assault gun
assaulter,attacker
assay,check
assay-mark,authentication
assegai,assagai
assemblage,gathering
assembler,assembly program
assembling,collection
assembly,fabrication
assembly line,production line
assembly program,assembler
assent,acquiescence
assenting,accession
asserter,declarer
assertion,averment
assertiveness,self-assertiveness
assessment,appraisal
assessor,tax assessor
asset,plus
assets,asset
asseveration,assertion
asseverator,asserter
asshole,bastard
assibilation,sibilation
assiduity,assiduousness
assiduousness,assiduity
assignation,tryst
assigning,assignment
assignment,duty assignment
assimilation,absorption
assimilator,learner
assist,aid
assistance,aid
assistant foreman,straw boss
assizes,court of assize
associability,associableness
associableness,associability
associate degree,associate
associated state,protectorate
association,connection
association area,association cortex
association cortex,association area
association football,soccer
association of islamic groups and communities,Kaplan Group
association of orangemen,Orange Order
association theory,associationism
associationism,association theory
associative aphasia,conduction aphasia
assonance,vowel rhyme
assortment,mixture
assouan,Aswan
assuagement,relief
assuan,Aswan
assumed name,alias
assumption,premise
assumption of mary,Assumption
assurance,self-assurance
assurbanipal,Ashurbanipal
assuredness,aplomb
astacura,Astacidae
astatine,At
aster acuminatus,whorled aster
aster arenosus,heath aster
aster cordifolius,heart-leaved aster
aster divaricatus,white wood aster
aster dumosus,bushy aster
aster ericoides,heath aster
aster falcatus,white prairie aster
aster family,Compositae
aster linarifolius,stiff aster
aster linosyris,goldilocks
aster macrophyllus,large-leaved aster
aster novae-angliae,New England aster
aster novi-belgii,Michaelmas daisy
aster ptarmicoides,upland white aster
aster shortii,Short's aster
aster tripolium,sea aster
aster turbinellis,prairie aster
asteraceae,Compositae
astereognosis,tactile agnosia
asterisk,star
asterope,Sterope
asthenia,astheny
asthenic type,ectomorphy
asthenopia,eyestrain
astheny,asthenia
asthma,asthma attack
asthma attack,asthma
astigmatism,astigmia
astigmia,astigmatism
astilbe biternata,false goatsbeard
astilbe chinensis pumila,dwarf astilbe
astilbe japonica,spirea
astonishment,amazement
astragal,anklebone
astragalus alpinus,alpine milk vetch
astragalus danicus,purple milk vetch
astragalus glycyphyllos,wild licorice
astrantia,masterwort
astrantia major,greater masterwort
astringence,astringency
astringency,astringence
astringent drug,astringent
astrobiology,exobiology
astroglia,macroglia
astrolatry,worship of heavenly bodies
astrologer,astrologist
astrologist,astrologer
astrology,star divination
astroloma humifusum,native cranberry
astronaut,spaceman
astronautics,aeronautics
astronavigation,celestial navigation
astronium fraxinifolium,goncalo alves
astronomer,uranologist
astronomical year,solar year
astronomy,uranology
astropogon stellatus,conchfish
astuteness,shrewdness
asur,Assur
asurbanipal,Ashurbanipal
asvina,Asin
asylum,refuge
asymmetry,dissymmetry
asynchronism,asynchrony
asynchronous transfer mode,ATM
asynchrony,asynchronism
asynclitism,obliquity
asynergia,asynergy
asynergy,asynergia
asystole,cardiac arrest
at,astatine
at-bat,bat
atabrine,quinacrine
atactic abasia,ataxic abasia
atakapan,Atakapa
atar,attar
ataractic agent,tranquilizer
ataractic drug,tranquilizer
atarax,hydroxyzine hydrochloride
ataraxis,peace
atavism,reversion
atavist,throwback
ataxia,ataxy
ataxic abasia,atactic abasia
ataxic aphasia,motor aphasia
ataxy,ataxia
atayalic,Tayalic
ateleiosis,ateliosis
ateles geoffroyi,spider monkey
atelier,artist's workroom
ateliosis,ateleiosis
atenolol,Tenormin
ateria gastrica dextra,right gastric artery
atf,Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms
athabascan,Athapaskan
athabaskan,Athapaskan
athanasius the great,Athanasius
athapascan,Athapaskan
athapaskan language,Athapaskan
athar,attar
atheism,godlessness
athenaeum,atheneum
athene,Athena
athene noctua,little owl
atheneum,athenaeum
atherinopsis californiensis,jacksmelt
atherodyde,ramjet
atherosclerosis,coronary artery disease
athinai,Athens
athlete,jock
athlete's foot,tinea pedis
athletic competition,athletic contest
athletic contest,athletic competition
athletic field,playing field
athletic sock,sweat sock
athletic supporter,supporter
athletic type,mesomorphy
athletic wear,sportswear
athleticism,strenuosity
athletics,sport
athodyd,ramjet
athol fugard,Fugard
athrotaxis selaginoides,King William pine
athyriaceae,Dryopteridaceae
athyrium distentifolium,Alpine lady fern
athyrium filix-femina,lady fern
athyrium pycnocarpon,silvery spleenwort
athyrium thelypteroides,silvery spleenwort
ativan,lorazepam
atlantic bonito,skipjack
atlantic moonfish,moonfish
atlantic ocean,Atlantic
atlantic standard time,Atlantic Time
atlantic white cedar,southern white cedar
atlantides,Hesperides
atlas moth,Atticus atlas
atlas vertebra,atlas
atm,standard atmosphere
atmometer,evaporometer
atmosphere,ambiance
atmospheric condition,weather
atmospheric pressure,air pressure
atmospheric state,atmosphere
atmospheric static,static
atmospherics,static
atom,molecule
atom bomb,atomic bomb
atom smasher,accelerator
atomic bomb,atom bomb
atomic energy,nuclear energy
atomic explosion,nuclear explosion
atomic mass,atomic weight
atomic number 1,hydrogen
atomic number 10,neon
atomic number 100,fermium
atomic number 101,mendelevium
atomic number 102,nobelium
atomic number 103,lawrencium
atomic number 104,rutherfordium
atomic number 105,dubnium
atomic number 106,seaborgium
atomic number 107,bohrium
atomic number 108,hassium
atomic number 109,meitnerium
atomic number 11,sodium
atomic number 110,darmstadtium
atomic number 111,roentgenium
atomic number 112,ununbium
atomic number 113,ununtrium
atomic number 114,ununquadium
atomic number 115,ununpentium
atomic number 116,ununhexium
atomic number 12,magnesium
atomic number 13,aluminum
atomic number 14,silicon
atomic number 15,phosphorus
atomic number 16,sulfur
atomic number 17,chlorine
atomic number 18,argon
atomic number 19,potassium
atomic number 2,helium
atomic number 20,calcium
atomic number 21,scandium
atomic number 22,titanium
atomic number 23,vanadium
atomic number 24,chromium
atomic number 25,manganese
atomic number 26,iron
atomic number 27,cobalt
atomic number 28,nickel
atomic number 29,copper
atomic number 3,lithium
atomic number 30,zinc
atomic number 31,gallium
atomic number 32,germanium
atomic number 33,arsenic
atomic number 34,selenium
atomic number 35,bromine
atomic number 36,krypton
atomic number 37,rubidium
atomic number 38,strontium
atomic number 39,yttrium
atomic number 4,beryllium
atomic number 40,zirconium
atomic number 41,niobium
atomic number 42,molybdenum
atomic number 43,technetium
atomic number 44,ruthenium
atomic number 45,rhodium
atomic number 46,palladium
atomic number 47,silver
atomic number 48,cadmium
atomic number 49,indium
atomic number 5,boron
atomic number 50,tin
atomic number 51,antimony
atomic number 52,tellurium
atomic number 53,iodine
atomic number 54,xenon
atomic number 55,cesium
atomic number 56,barium
atomic number 57,lanthanum
atomic number 58,cerium
atomic number 59,praseodymium
atomic number 6,carbon
atomic number 60,neodymium
atomic number 61,promethium
atomic number 62,samarium
atomic number 63,europium
atomic number 64,gadolinium
atomic number 65,terbium
atomic number 66,dysprosium
atomic number 67,holmium
atomic number 68,erbium
atomic number 69,thulium
atomic number 7,nitrogen
atomic number 70,ytterbium
atomic number 71,lutetium
atomic number 72,hafnium
atomic number 73,tantalum
atomic number 74,tungsten
atomic number 75,rhenium
atomic number 76,osmium
atomic number 77,iridium
atomic number 78,platinum
atomic number 79,gold
atomic number 8,oxygen
atomic number 80,mercury
atomic number 81,thallium
atomic number 82,lead
atomic number 83,bismuth
atomic number 84,polonium
atomic number 85,astatine
atomic number 86,radon
atomic number 87,francium
atomic number 88,radium
atomic number 89,actinium
atomic number 9,fluorine
atomic number 90,thorium
atomic number 91,protactinium
atomic number 92,uranium
atomic number 93,neptunium
atomic number 94,plutonium
atomic number 95,americium
atomic number 96,curium
atomic number 97,berkelium
atomic number 98,californium
atomic number 99,einsteinium
atomic physics,nuclear physics
atomic pile,atomic reactor
atomic power,nuclear power
atomic reactor,atomic pile
atomic theory,atomism
atomic warhead,nuclear warhead
atomic weapon,nuclear weapon
atomic weight,atomic mass
atomisation,atomization
atomiser,atomizer
atomism,atomic theory
atomist theory,atomism
atomistic theory,atomism
atomization,atomisation
atomizer,atomiser
aton,Aten
atonalism,atonality
atonality,atonalism
atonement,expiation
atonia,atonicity
atonicity,atony
atony,atonicity
atopic allergy,immediate allergy
atopic dermatitis,atopic eczema
atopic eczema,atopic dermatitis
atopognosia,atopognosis
atopognosis,atopognosia
atopy,immediate allergy
atorvastatin,Lipitor
atp,adenosine triphosphate
atrial auricle,auricle
atrioventricular block,heart block
atrioventricular bundle,bundle of His
atrioventricular nodal rhythm,nodal rhythm
atrioventricular trunk,atrioventricular bundle
atriplex hortensis,garden orache
atriplex hymenelytra,desert holly
atriplex lentiformis,quail bush
atriplex mexicana,Jerusalem oak
atrium cordis,atrium of the heart
atrium dextrum,right atrium
atrium of the heart,atrium cordis
atrium sinistrum,left atrium
atrociousness,atrocity
atrocity,atrociousness
atromid-s,clofibrate
atropa belladonna,belladonna
atrophedema,angioedema
atrophic arthritis,rheumatoid arthritis
atrophy,wasting
atrovent,ipratropium bromide
attacapa,Atakapa
attacapan,Atakapa
attache,attache case
attache case,attache
attachment,fond regard
attack,onslaught
attack aircraft,fighter
attack aircraft carrier,aircraft carrier
attacker,aggressor
attainability,achievability
attainableness,achievability
attainder,civil death
attainment,skill
attalea funifera,piassava palm
attar,atar
attar of roses,rose oil
attempt,effort
attempter,trier
attendance,attending
attendee,attendant
attender,hearer
attending,attention
attention,attending
attention deficit disorder,ADD
attention deficit hyperactivity disorder,attention deficit disorder
attentiveness,heed
attenuation,fading
attestant,witness
attestation report,attestation service
attestation service,attestation report
attestator,witness
attester,attestant
attestor,witness
atticus atlas,atlas moth
attila the hun,Attila
attilio,soul patch
attire,garb
attitude,mental attitude
attorney,lawyer
attorney-client relation,lawyer-client relation
attorney general of the united states,Attorney General
attracter,drawing card
attraction,attractive force
attractive feature,attraction
attractive force,attraction
attractiveness,attraction
attractor,drawing card
attribute,property
attribution,ascription
attributive genitive case,attributive genitive
attrition,abrasion
attrition rate,rate of attrition
atypical pneumonia,primary atypical pneumonia
atypicality,untypicality
au,gold
au revoir,adieu
auberge,hostel
aubergine,eggplant
auc,United Self-Defense Force of Colombia
auction,auction bridge
auction block,block
auction bridge,auction
auction pitch,pitch
auction sale,auction
audaciousness,audacity
audacity,audaciousness
audad,aoudad
audibility,audibleness
audibleness,audibility
audience,hearing
audio,sound
audio compact disc,audio CD
audio frequency,audio
audio recording,sound recording
audio system,sound system
audiology,audiometry
audiometer,sonometer
audiometry,audiology
audiovisual aid,audiovisual
audit,audited account
audit program,audit programme
audit programme,audit program
audited account,audit
audition,hearing
auditor,hearer
auditory aphasia,acoustic aphasia
auditory area,auditory cortex
auditory canal,auditory meatus
auditory cortex,auditory area
auditory hallucination,acousma
auditory hyperesthesia,hyperacusis
auditory meatus,acoustic meatus
auditory modality,hearing
auditory nerve,acoustic nerve
auditory perception,sound perception
auditory sensation,sound
auditory sense,hearing
auditory tube,Eustachian tube
audubon warbler,Audubon's warbler
auf wiedersehen,adieu
aug,August
auger,plumber's snake
aught,nothing
augmentin,amoxicillin
augur,auspex
augury,sign
august 1,Lammas
august 15,Assumption
august 6,Transfiguration
august f. mobius,Mobius
august ferdinand mobius,Mobius
august friedrich leopold weismann,Weismann
august plum,American red plum
august strindberg,Strindberg
august von wassermann,Wassermann
august wilhelm von hoffmann,Hoffmann
auguste comte,Comte
auguste rodin,Rodin
augustin eugene scribe,Scribe
augustin jean fresnel,Fresnel
augustine of hippo,Augustine
augustus welby northmore pugin,Pugin
auld langsyne,langsyne
aulostomus maculatus,trumpetfish
aum,Aum Shinrikyo
aunt,auntie
auntie,aunt
aunty,aunt
aura,aureole
aurelius,Antoninus
aureolaria pedicularia,false foxglove
aureolaria virginica,false foxglove
aureole,corona
aureomycin,chlortetracycline
auricle,atrial auricle
auricula,bear's ear
auricula atrii,auricle
auricular appendage,auricula
auricular appendix,auricula
auricular artery,arteria auricularis
auricular point,auriculare
auricular vein,vena auricularis
auriculare,auricular point
auricularia auricula,Jew's-ear
auriparus flaviceps,verdin
auriscope,otoscope
aurochs,wisent
aurora,dawn
aurora australis,southern lights
aurora borealis,northern lights
auroscope,otoscope
auspex,augur
auspices,protection
auspiciousness,propitiousness
aussie,Australian
austenitic manganese steel,manganese steel
austereness,severity
austerity,asceticism
austral islands,Tubuai Islands
australian aborigine,Aborigine
australian capital,Canberra
australian chestnut,Moreton Bay chestnut
australian crawl,crawl
australian grass tree,grass tree
australian honeysuckle,honeysuckle
australian nettle tree,Australian nettle
australian stilt,stilt
australian sword lily,kangaroo paw
australopithecus,genus Australopithecus
austrian capital,Vienna
austrian schilling,schilling
austrian winter pea,field pea
austro-asiatic language,Austro-Asiatic
austrocedrus chilensis,Chilean cedar
austronesian language,Austronesian
austrotaxus spicata,New Caledonian yew
autacoid,autocoid
autarchy,autarky
autarky,autarchy
authentication,hallmark
authenticator,appraiser
authenticity,genuineness
author,writer
author's name,writer's name
authorisation,mandate
authoriser,authorizer
authoritarian regime,authoritarian state
authoritarian state,authoritarian regime
authoritarianism,dictatorship
authorities,government
authority,authorization
authorization,mandate
authorized shares,authorized stock
authorized stock,authorized shares
authorizer,authoriser
authorship,writing
auto,car
auto-changer,record changer
auto-mechanic,automobile mechanic
auto-suggestion,autosuggestion
auto company,car company
auto factory,automobile factory
auto loan,automobile loan
auto maker,car manufacturer
auto manufacturer,car manufacturer
auto part,car part
auto race,automobile race
auto racing,car racing
auto tire,car tire
autobus,bus
autochthony,indigenousness
autoclave,sterilizer
autocoid,autacoid
autocracy,autarchy
autocrat,tyrant
autocue,prompter
autodefensas unidas de colombia,United Self-Defense Force of Colombia
autoeroticism,autoerotism
autoerotism,autoeroticism
autogenesis,abiogenesis
autogenic therapy,autogenic training
autogenic training,autogenic therapy
autogenics,autogenic therapy
autogeny,abiogenesis
autogiro,autogyro
autograft,autoplasty
autograph,John Hancock
autogyro,autogiro
autoimmune diabetes,type I diabetes
autoimmune disease,autoimmune disorder
autoimmune disorder,autoimmune disease
autolatry,idiolatry
autoloader,self-loader
autolysis,self-digestion
automaker,car manufacturer
automated teller,cash machine
automated teller machine,cash machine
automatic data processing,ADP
automatic data processing system,computer system
automatic drive,automatic transmission
automatic face recognition,face recognition
automatic firearm,automatic gun
automatic gun,automatic firearm
automatic pilot,autopilot
automatic pistol,automatic
automatic rifle,automatic
automatic teller,cash machine
automatic teller machine,cash machine
automatic transmission,automatic drive
automatic washer,washer
automatic weapon,automatic firearm
automation,mechanization
automaton,zombi
automeris io,io moth
automobile,car
automobile battery,car battery
automobile driver,racer
automobile factory,auto factory
automobile horn,car horn
automobile insurance,car insurance
automobile loan,auto loan
automobile mechanic,auto-mechanic
automobile race,auto race
automobile tire,car tire
automobile traffic,car traffic
automobile trunk,luggage compartment
automobilist,motorist
automotive engineering,automotive technology
automotive technology,automotive engineering
automotive vehicle,motor vehicle
autonomic nervous system,ANS
autonomic plexus,plexus autonomici
autonomy,liberty
autophyte,autophytic plant
autophytic plant,autophyte
autopilot,automatic pilot
autoplasty,autograft
autopsy,necropsy
autosomal dominant disease,autosomal dominant disorder
autosomal dominant disorder,autosomal dominant disease
autosomal recessive defect,autosomal recessive disease
autosomal recessive disease,autosomal recessive defect
autosome,somatic chromosome
autosuggestion,auto-suggestion
autotroph,autophyte
autotrophic organism,autophyte
autotype,autotypy
autotypy,autotype
autumn,fall
autumn crocus,meadow saffron
autumn pumpkin,pumpkin
autumn sneezeweed,Helenium autumnale
autumnal equinox,September equinox
auxiliary boiler,donkey boiler
auxiliary engine,donkey engine
auxiliary equipment,off-line equipment
auxiliary operation,off-line operation
auxiliary pump,donkey pump
auxiliary storage,external storage
av,Ab
avadavat,amadavat
avahi laniger,woolly indris
avail,help
availability,handiness
availableness,handiness
avalanche lily,Erythronium montanum
avalokiteshvara,Avalokitesvara
avaram,tanner's cassia
avarice,greed
avariciousness,avarice
avaritia,avarice
avatar,embodiment
avena barbata,slender wild oat
avena fatua,wild oat
avena sativa,cereal oat
avene sterilis,wild red oat
avenger,retaliator
aventail,camail
aventurine,sunstone
avenue,boulevard
averageness,mediocrity
averell harriman,Harriman
averment,assertion
averrhoa bilimbi,bilimbi
averrhoa carambola,carambola
aversion,antipathy
averting,aversion
aviary,bird sanctuary
aviation,air power
aviation medicine,aeromedicine
aviator,aeronaut
aviatress,aviatrix
aviatrix,airwoman
avicennia marina,black mangrove
avicennia officinalis,white mangrove
avidity,eagerness
avidness,eagerness
avitaminosis,hypovitaminosis
avocado pear,avocado
avocado tree,avocado
avocation,by-line
avogadro's hypothesis,Avogadro's law
avogadro number,Avogadro's number
avoidance,turning away
avoirdupois,avoirdupois weight
avoirdupois weight,avoirdupois
avouchment,avowal
avowal,avouchment
avower,asserter
awakening,wakening
award,awarding
awarding,award
awareness,consciousness
away game,road game
awe,fear
awfulness,dreadfulness
awkwardness,clumsiness
awlwort,Subularia aquatica
awning,sunshade
awning deck,hurricane deck
awnless bromegrass,Bromus inermis
ax,axe
ax handle,axe handle
ax head,axe head
axe,ax
axe handle,ax handle
axe head,ax head
axerophthol,vitamin A
axial motion,axial rotation
axial rotation,axial motion
axilla,armpit
axillary artery,arteria axillaris
axillary cavity,armpit
axillary fossa,armpit
axillary vein,vena axillaris
axiom,maxim
axis of rotation,axis
axis vertebra,axis
axolotl,mud puppy
axon,axone
axone,axon
axseed,crown vetch
ayapana,Ayapana triplinervis
ayapana triplinervis,ayapana
ayatollah khomeini,Khomeini
ayatollah ruholla khomeini,Khomeini
aye-aye,Daubentonia madagascariensis
ayn rand,Rand
aythya affinis,lesser scaup
aythya americana,redhead
aythya ferina,pochard
aythya marila,greater scaup
aythya valisineria,canvasback
az,azimuth
azactam,aztreonam
azadirachta indica,neem
azaleastrum,subgenus Azalea
azathioprine,Imuran
azedarach,chinaberry
azederach,chinaberry
azerbaijani republic,Azerbaijan
azerbajdzhan,Azerbaijan
azerbajdzhan republic,Azerbaijan
azido group,azido radical
azido radical,azido group
azimuth,AZ
azithromycin,Zithromax
azo group,azo radical
azo radical,azo group
azoimide,hydrazoic acid
azolla caroliniana,mosquito fern
azotaemia,uremia
azotemia,uremia
azt,zidovudine
aztec lily,Jacobean lily
aztec marigold,African marigold
aztreonam,Azactam
azygos vein,azygous vein
azygous vein,azygos vein
b,bacillus
b. b. king,King
b. f. skinner,Skinner
b.o.,body odor
b.t.u.,kilowatt hour
b.th.u.,British thermal unit
b complex,B-complex vitamin
b horizon,B-horizon
b lymphocyte,B cell
b vitamin,B-complex vitamin
ba,barium
baader-meinhof gang,Baader Meinhof Gang
baal merodach,Marduk
baas,baa
baba au rhum,rum baba
babacu oil,babassu oil
babassu,babassu palm
babassu oil,babacu oil
babassu palm,babassu
babbitt,Babbitt metal
babble,babbling
babbler,chatterer
babbling,babble
babe,baby
babe didrikson,Zaharias
babe ruth,Ruth
babe zaharias,Zaharias
babel,Tower of Babel
babies'-breath,baby's breath
babies' slippers,bird's foot trefoil
babinski reflex,Babinski
babinski sign,Babinski
babiroussa,babirusa
babirusa,babiroussa
babirussa,babirusa
baboo,babu
babu,baboo
baby,babe
baby's bed,baby bed
baby's breath,babies'-breath
baby's dummy,comforter
baby's room,nursery
baby's tears,baby tears
baby-boom generation,baby boom
baby-sitter,babysitter
baby-walker,walker
baby bed,baby's bed
baby bird,nestling
baby blue-eyes,Nemophila menziesii
baby boom,baby-boom generation
baby boomer,boomer
baby buggy,baby carriage
baby buster,buster
baby carriage,baby buggy
baby doc,Duvalier
baby doctor,pediatrician
baby grand,baby grand piano
baby grand piano,baby grand
baby minder,babyminder
baby rose,multiflora
baby sitting,babysitting
baby talk,babytalk
baby tears,baby's tears
baby tooth,primary tooth
babyhood,infancy
babylonian weeping willow,weeping willow
babyminder,baby minder
babyrousa babyrussa,babirusa
babysitter,baby-sitter
babysitting,baby sitting
babytalk,baby talk
bacca,simple fruit
baccalaureate,bachelor's degree
baccarat,chemin de fer
bacchanalia,Dionysia
bacchant,drunken reveler
baccharis halimifolia,groundsel tree
baccharis pilularis,coyote brush
baccharis viminea,mule fat
baccy,tobacco
bachelor,unmarried man
bachelor's button,cornflower
bachelor's degree,baccalaureate
bachelor-at-arms,knight bachelor
bachelor girl,bachelorette
bachelorette,bachelor girl
bacillary dysentery,shigellosis
bacillary white diarrhea,pullorum disease
bacillary white diarrhoea,pullorum disease
bacillus,B
bacillus globigii,Bacillus subtilis
back-blast,backblast
back-number,has-been
back breaker,acid
back country,backwoods
back door,backdoor
back end,rear
back entrance,back door
back matter,end matter
back pack,backpack
back saw,backsaw
back street,alley
back talk,sass
back tooth,posterior
backbiter,defamer
backblast,back-blast
backboard,basketball backboard
backbone,anchor
backchat,banter
backcloth,backdrop
backdoor,back door
backdown,withdrawal
backdrop,background
backer,angel
backfire,blowback
backflow,backflowing
backflowing,backflow
background,ground
background knowledge,background
background level,noise level
background noise,ground noise
background processing,backgrounding
background signal,background
backgrounding,background processing
backhand shot,backhand
backhand stroke,backhand
backing,backup
backlash,recoil
backlog,reserve
backpack,back pack
backpacker,packer
backpacking,packing
backpacking tent,pack tent
backrest,back
backroom boy,brain truster
backsaw,back saw
backsheesh,gratuity
backside,rear
backslider,recidivist
backsliding,lapse
backspace,backspace key
backspace key,backspace
backspacer,backspace key
backstop,catcher
backswimmer,Notonecta undulata
backsword,singlestick
backtalk,sass
backup,stand-in
backup man,stand-in
backwardness,retardation
backwash,slipstream
backwoods,back country
backwoodsman,frontiersman
bacon-lettuce-tomato sandwich,BLT
bacon and eggs,bird's foot trefoil
bacteremia,bacteriemia
bacteria,bacterium
bacteriacide,bactericide
bacteriaemia,bacteremia
bacterial plaque,dental plaque
bactericide,bacteriacide
bacteriemia,bacteremia
bacteriological warfare,germ warfare
bacteriophage,phage
bacterium,bacteria
bad blood,animosity
bad check,bad cheque
bad cheque,bad check
bad hat,troublemaker
bad luck,misfortune
bad manners,ill-breeding
bad temper,ill temper
bad weather,inclemency
baddie,villain
badger,Wisconsinite
badger dog,dachshund
badger skunk,hog-nosed skunk
badger state,Wisconsin
badgerer,heckler
badgering,worrying
badlands,Bad Lands
badminton racket,badminton racquet
badminton racquet,badminton racket
badness,bad
baeda,Bede
baffle,baffle board
baffle board,baffle
bafflement,bewilderment
bag,base
bagascosis,bagassosis
bagassosis,bagascosis
bagatelle,fluff
bagdad,Baghdad
bagel,beigel
bagful,bag
baggage,luggage
baggage car,luggage van
bagger,packer
bagging,sacking
bagman,traveling salesman
bagnio,whorehouse
bagpiper,piper
baguet,baguette
baguette,baguet
bahama grass,Bermuda grass
bahama islands,Bahamas
bahasa,Indonesian
bahasa indonesia,Indonesian
bahasa kebangsaan,Malaysian
bahasa malaysia,Malaysian
bahasa melayu,Malaysian
bahia coquilla,piassava palm
bahia piassava,piassava palm
bahrain island,Bahrain
bahrein,Bahrain
bahrein island,Bahrain
bahreini,Bahraini
baht,tical
baic,Bai
bail,bail bond
bail bond,bail
bailiwick,discipline
baiomys taylori,pygmy mouse
bairdiella chrysoura,silver perch
bairiki,Tarawa
baisa,baiza
bait,come-on
baiza,baisa
baja california,Lower California
bakeapple,cloudberry
baked-apple berry,cloudberry
baked egg,shirred egg
bakehouse,bakery
baker,bread maker
baker's dozen,thirteen
baker's yeast,brewer's yeast
bakery,bakeshop
bakeshop,bakery
baking chocolate,bitter chocolate
baking soda,bicarbonate of soda
baking tray,cookie sheet
baksheesh,gratuity
bakshis,gratuity
bakshish,gratuity
balaclava,balaclava helmet
balaclava helmet,balaclava
balaena mysticetus,bowhead
balaeniceps rex,shoebill
balaenoptera acutorostrata,lesser rorqual
balaenoptera borealis,sei whale
balaenoptera musculus,blue whale
balaenoptera physalus,finback
balance,proportion
balance beam,beam
balance of international payments,balance of payments
balance of payments,balance of international payments
balance of trade,trade balance
balance wheel,balance
balancer,halter
balancing,reconciliation
balanus balanoides,acorn barnacle
balas,balas ruby
balas ruby,balas
balata,gutta balata
balata tree,balata
bald-faced hornet,white-faced hornet
bald cypress,pond cypress
bald eagle,American eagle
balderdash,fiddle-faddle
baldhead,baldpate
baldness,phalacrosis
baldpate,baldhead
baldr,Balder
baldric,baldrick
baldrick,baldric
baldy,baldhead
bale,Basel
baleen,whalebone
baleen whale,whalebone whale
balefire,bonfire
balefulness,maleficence
balibago,mahoe
balistes vetula,queen triggerfish
balk,baulk
balkan mountain range,Balkans
balkan mountains,Balkans
balkan nation,Balkan country
balkan state,Balkan country
balker,baulker
balkline,baulk-line
ball,musket ball
ball-and-socket joint,spheroid joint
ball-breaker,ball-buster
ball-buster,ball-breaker
ball bearing,needle bearing
ball carrier,runner
ball club,baseball club
ball cock,ballcock
ball fern,squirrel's-foot fern
ball field,baseball field
ball game,ballgame
ball nettle,horse nettle
ball nightshade,horse nettle
ball of fire,powerhouse
ballad,lay
ballad maker,songwriter
balladeer,crooner
ballast,ballast resistor
ballast resistor,ballast
ballcock,ball cock
ballerina,danseuse
ballet,concert dance
ballet skirt,tutu
ballgame,new ballgame
ballista,catapult
ballistic capsule,spacecraft
ballistic fingerprinting,ballistic identification
ballistic identification,ballistic fingerprinting
ballistic trajectory,ballistics
ballistics,ballistic trajectory
ballistite,smokeless powder
ballistocardiograph,cardiograph
ballock,testis
balloon bomb,Fugo
balloon flower,scented penstemon
balloon seat,bell seat
balloon vine,heart pea
balloonfish,Diodon holocanthus
ballot,vote
ballota nigra,black horehound
balloting,vote
ballpark,park
ballpen,ballpoint
ballplayer,baseball player
ballpoint,ballpoint pen
ballpoint pen,ballpoint
ballroom,dance hall
ballroom dance,ballroom dancing
ballroom dancing,ballroom dance
ballroom music,dance music
balls-up,ballup
ballup,balls-up
ballyhoo,hoopla
ballyhoo artist,sensationalist
balm,ointment
balm of gilead,balsam fir
balminess,softness
baloney,boloney
balsa,balsa wood
balsa raft,Kon Tiki
balsa wood,balsa
balsam apple,Momordica balsamina
balsam capivi,copaiba
balsam family,Balsaminaceae
balsam fir,balm of Gilead
balsam herb,costmary
balsam of tolu,tolu
balsam pear,Momordica charantia
balsam poplar,hackmatack
balsam willow,Salix pyrifolia
balsam woolly aphid,Adelges piceae
balthasar,Balthazar
baltic language,Baltic
baltic republic,Baltic State
baltic sea,Baltic
baltimore bird,Baltimore oriole
balto-slavic language,Balto-Slavic
balto-slavonic,Balto-Slavic
baluchi,Balochi
balusters,bannister
balustrade,bannister
bambino,toddler
bamboo fern,Coniogramme japonica
bamboo palm,miniature fan palm
bambusa vulgaris,common bamboo
ban,prohibition
banality,platitude
banana,banana tree
banana family,Musaceae
banana passion fruit,Passiflora mollissima
banana peel,banana skin
banana skin,banana peel
banana tree,banana
band,set
band-tail pigeon,band-tailed pigeon
band-tailed pigeon,band-tail pigeon
band of partisans,Asbat al-Ansar
band saw,bandsaw
bandage,patch
bandaging,dressing
bandana,bandanna
bandanna,bandana
bandeau,brassiere
banded adder,banded krait
banded anteater,numbat
banded krait,banded adder
banded palm civet,Hemigalus hardwickii
banded purple,white admiral
banded rattlesnake,timber rattlesnake
banded rudderfish,rudderfish
banded sand snake,Chilomeniscus cinctus
banded stilt,Cladorhyncus leucocephalum
banded water snake,common water snake
bandelet,annulet
bandelette,annulet
bandicoot rat,mole rat
banding,band
bandit,brigand
bandlet,annulet
bandoleer,bandolier
bandolier,bandoleer
bandsaw,band saw
bandstand,outdoor stage
bandtail,band-tailed pigeon
bandy leg,bowleg
bandy legs,bow leg
bandyleg,bowleg
bane,curse
baneberry,cohosh
bang's disease,brucellosis
banger,firecracker
bangla,Bengali
bangla desh,Bangladesh
bangle,bracelet
bangtail,racehorse
banian,banyan
banian tree,banyan
banishment,ostracism
banister,bannister
bank,depository financial institution
bank bill,bill
bank building,bank
bank check,check
bank clerk,teller
bank deposit,deposit
bank discount,discount rate
bank draft,banker's draft
bank gravel,pit-run gravel
bank identification number,BIN
bank line,credit line
bank martin,bank swallow
bank note,bill
bank swallow,bank martin
bank vault,vault
bankbook,passbook
banker's acceptance,acceptance
banker's bill,bill
banker's check,traveler's check
banker's draft,bank draft
bankia setaceae,giant northwest shipworm
banking company,depository financial institution
banking concern,depository financial institution
banking industry,banking system
banking system,banking industry
banknote,bill
bankroll,roll
bankruptcy,failure
banksia integrifolia,honeysuckle
banksia rose,Rosa banksia
banneret,knight banneret
banning,ban
banquet,feast
banquet song,scolion
banqueting,feasting
banshee,banshie
banshie,banshee
banteng,banting
banter,raillery
banti's syndrome,Banti's disease
bantoid language,Bantu
banyan,banyan tree
banyan tree,banyan
banzai attack,banzai charge
banzai charge,banzai attack
baobab,monkey-bread tree
baphia nitida,camwood
baptisia australis,blue false indigo
baptisia lactea,white false indigo
baptisia tinctoria,indigo broom
baptismal font,baptistry
baptismal name,Christian name
baptistery,baptismal font
baptistry,baptismal font
baptists,Baptist Church
bar,barroom
bar-room plant,aspidistra
bar absolute,barye
bar billiards,bagatelle
bar chart,bar graph
bar code,Universal Product Code
bar exam,bar examination
bar examination,bar exam
bar girl,B-girl
bar graph,bar chart
bar sinister,bastardy
baranduki,baronduki
barb,shot
barbacan,barbican
barbados-gooseberry vine,Barbados gooseberry
barbados cherry,acerola
barbados maidenhair,Farley maidenhair
barbados pride,coralwood
barbara hepworth,Hepworth
barbara tuchman,Tuchman
barbara ward,Ward
barbara wertheim tuchman,Tuchman
barbarea praecox,Belle Isle cress
barbarea verna,Belle Isle cress
barbarea vulgaris,yellow rocket
barbarisation,barbarization
barbarism,brutality
barbarity,atrocity
barbarization,barbarisation
barbarossa,Frederick I
barbarousness,atrocity
barbary pirate,corsair
barbary sheep,aoudad
barbasco,joewood
barbecue,barbeque
barbecued spareribs,spareribs
barbed wire,barbwire
barbel,feeler
barbeque,barbecue
barber's itch,tinea barbae
barberry family,Berberidaceae
barbican,barbacan
barbital,veronal
barbitone,barbital
barbituric acid,malonylurea
barbra joan streisand,Streisand
barbra streisand,Streisand
barbu,Polydactylus virginicus
barbwire,barbed wire
barcarole,barcarolle
barcarolle,barcarole
bard of avon,Shakespeare
bare bones,bare bone
bareness,bleakness
barf,vomit
bargain,deal
bargain rate,cheapness
bargainer,trader
barge,flatboat
bargee,lighterman
bargello,flame stitch
bargeman,lighterman
barilla,saltwort
baring,denudation
barish,Bodo-Garo
barite,heavy spar
baritone horn,baritone
baritone voice,baritone
barium,Ba
barium dioxide,barium peroxide
barium monoxide,barium oxide
barium oxide,barium monoxide
barium peroxide,barium dioxide
barium protoxide,barium monoxide
barium sulfate,barium sulphate
barium sulphate,barium sulfate
bark,barque
bark-louse,bark louse
bark louse,bark-louse
barkeep,bartender
barkeeper,bartender
barker,pooch
barking deer,muntjac
barking frog,robber frog
barley,barleycorn
barley-sugar,barley candy
barley candy,barley-sugar
barley grass,wall barley
barleycorn,barley
barm,yeast
barman,bartender
barn,b
barn grass,barnyard grass
barn millet,barnyard grass
barn owl,Tyto alba
barn spider,Araneus cavaticus
barn swallow,chimney swallow
barnaba chiaramonti,Pius VII
barnacle,cirriped
barnacle goose,barnacle
barndoor skate,Raja laevis
barney oldfield,Oldfield
barnstormer,playactor
barnyard grass,barn grass
baron,big businessman
baron adrian,Adrian
baron alexander von humboldt,Humboldt
baron clive,Clive
baron clive of plassey,Clive
baron de la brede et de montesquieu,Montesquieu
baron friedrich heinrich alexander von humboldt,Humboldt
baron friedrich wilhelm ludolf gerhard augustin von steuben,Steuben
baron georges cuvier,Cuvier
baron hermann ludwig ferdinand von helmholtz,Helmholtz
baron hugh caswall tremenheere dowding,Dowding
baron jean baptiste joseph fourier,Fourier
baron karl maria friedrich ernst von weber,Weber
baron karl wilhelm von humboldt,Humboldt
baron lister,Lister
baron lloyd webber of sydmonton,Lloyd Webber
baron munchausen,Munchhausen
baron olivier of birghton,Olivier
baron richard von krafft-ebing,Krafft-Ebing
baron snow of leicester,Snow
baron verulam,Bacon
baron wilhelm von humboldt,Humboldt
baronage,peerage
baronduki,baranduki
baroness dudevant,Sand
baroness emmusca orczy,Orczy
baroness jackson of lodsworth,Ward
baroness karen blixen,Dinesen
baroness thatcher of kesteven,Thatcher
baronet,Bart
baronetcy,barony
baronne anne louise germaine necker de steal-holstein,Stael
barony,baronetcy
baroque era,Baroque
baroque period,Baroque
baroqueness,baroque
barosaur,barosaurus
barosaurus,barosaur
barque,bark
barracking,heckling
barracouta,snoek
barrage,bombardment
barrage fire,barrage
barramundi,giant perch
barrater,barrator
barrator,barrater
barratry,simony
barred owl,Strix varia
barred pickerel,redfin pickerel
barrel,gun barrel
barrel cactus,echinocactus
barrel knot,blood knot
barrel maker,cooper
barrel organ,grind organ
barrelfish,black rudderfish
barrelful,barrel
barrelhouse,honky-tonk
barrels,barrel
barren ground caribou,Rangifer arcticus
barrenness,fruitlessness
barrenwort,bishop's hat
barretter,ballast resistor
barricade,roadblock
barrier,roadblock
barrier strip,junction barrier
barring,blackball
barroom,bar
barrow,barrowful
barrow-boy,costermonger
barrow-man,costermonger
barrowful,barrow
bars,parallel bars
bart,baronet
bartender,barman
barter,swap
barthold george niebuhr,Niebuhr
bartholomeu dias,Dias
bartholomeu diaz,Dias
bartholomew roberts,Roberts
bartlett pear,bartlett
bartolome esteban murillo,Murillo
bartolomeo alberto capillari,Gregory
bartolomeo prignano,Urban VI
bartolomeo vanzetti,Vanzetti
bartolommeo eustachio,Eustachio
bartonia,Mentzelia lindleyi
bartramia longicauda,upland sandpiper
bartramian sandpiper,upland sandpiper
baruch de spinoza,Spinoza
barunduki,baronduki
barye,bar absolute
baryon,heavy particle
barytes,heavy spar
barytone,baritone
bas bleu,bluestocking
bas mitzvah,bat mitzvah
bas relief,low relief
basal body temperature,basal temperature
basal body temperature method,basal body temperature method of family planning
basal body temperature method of family planning,basal body temperature method
basal metabolic rate,BMR
basal temperature,basal body temperature
basal vein,vena basalis
base hit,safety
base of operations,base
base on balls,walk
base runner,runner
baseball,baseball game
baseball bat,lumber
baseball cap,jockey cap
baseball club,ball club
baseball coach,baseball manager
baseball diamond,diamond
baseball field,ball field
baseball game,baseball
baseball glove,glove
baseball manager,baseball coach
baseball mitt,baseball glove
baseball player,ballplayer
baseball swing,swing
baseboard,mopboard
baseline,service line
basement,cellar
baseness,sordidness
bash,knock
bashfulness,abashment
basia,Basra
basic assumption,constatation
basic color,basic dye
basic colour,basic dye
basic dye,basic color
basic principle,fundamentals
basics,rudiments
basidiomycete,basidiomycetous fungi
basidiomycetous fungi,basidiomycete
basidiomycotina,Basidiomycota
basil balm,Monarda clinopodia
basil mint,Pycnanthemum virginianum
basil of caesarea,Basil
basil the great,Basil
basil thyme,basil balm
basilar artery,arteria basilaris
basilic vein,vena basilica
basilica,Roman basilica
basin,basinful
basinful,basin
basis,footing
basivertebral vein,vena basivertebralis
basket,handbasket
basket-handle arch,three-centered arch
basket ash,black ash
basket fern,toothed sword fern
basket fish,basket star
basket flower,Centaurea americana
basket oak,cow oak
basket rummy,canasta
basket spikemoss,meadow spikemoss
basket star,basket fish
basket willow,purple willow
basketball,basketball game
basketball backboard,backboard
basketball game,basketball
basketball hoop,basket
basketball player,basketeer
basketball team,five
basketeer,basketball player
basketful,basket
basketmaker,basketweaver
basketweaver,basketmaker
basking shark,Cetorhinus maximus
basle,Basel
basophil,basophile
basophile,basophil
basque fatherland and liberty,Basque Homeland and Freedom
bass clef,F clef
bass drum,gran casa
bass fiddle,bass viol
bass horn,sousaphone
bass part,bass
bass viol,viola da gamba
bass voice,bass
bassariscus astutus,bassarisk
bassarisk,cacomistle
basset,basset hound
basset hound,basset
basset oboe,heckelphone
bassia scoparia,summer cypress
basso,bass
basso continuo,figured bass
basso relievo,bas relief
basso rilievo,bas relief
basswood,linden
bast,bast fiber
bast fiber,bast
bastard feverfew,Parthenium hysterophorus
bastard indigo,Tephrosia purpurea
bastard lignum vitae,Guaiacum sanctum
bastard pennyroyal,Trichostema dichotomum
bastard pimpernel,chaffweed
bastard ridley,Atlantic ridley
bastard title,half title
bastard toadflax,Comandra pallida
bastard turtle,Atlantic ridley
bastard wing,alula
bastard yellowwood,common yellowwood
bastardisation,bastardization
bastardization,bastardisation
bastardy,illegitimacy
bastardy proceeding,paternity suit
baste,basting
baster,tacker
bastinado,falanga
basting,baste
basting stitch,baste
bastion,citadel
bastnaesite,bastnasite
bastnasite,bastnaesite
basuto,Sesotho
basutoland,Lesotho
bat,chiropteran
bat mitzvah,bath mitzvah
batch,deal
bateau bridge,pontoon bridge
bath,bathtub
bath asparagus,Prussian asparagus
bath mitzvah,bat mitzvah
bath powder,toilet powder
bath soap,toilet soap
bather,swimmer
bathhouse,bathing machine
bathing,washup
bathing cap,swimming cap
bathing costume,swimsuit
bathing machine,bathhouse
bathing suit,swimsuit
bathing trunks,swimming trunks
bathing tub,bathtub
batholite,batholith
batholith,batholite
bathometer,bathymeter
bathos,mawkishness
bathroom,bath
bathroom tissue,toilet tissue
bathtub,bathing tub
bathyal district,continental slope
bathyal zone,continental slope
bathymeter,bathometer
bathymetry,plumbing
bathyscape,bathyscaphe
bathyscaph,bathyscaphe
bathyscaphe,bathyscaph
batis maritima,saltwort
batoidei,Rajiformes
batoko palm,governor's plum
baton,wand
baton twirler,twirler
batrachia,Salientia
batsman,batter
batswana,Tswana
battalion,large number
batten,batting
batter,hitter
batter bread,spoon bread
battercake,pancake
battering,banging
battery,electric battery
battery-acid,acid
battery acid,electrolyte acid
battery charger,charger
batting,batten
batting average,hitting average
batting cage,cage
batting order,card
battle,conflict
battle-ax,battle-axe
battle-axe,battle-ax
battle born state,Nevada
battle cry,war cry
battle damage,combat casualty
battle fatigue,combat fatigue
battle of atlanta,Atlanta
battle of austerlitz,Austerlitz
battle of boyne,Boyne
battle of brunanburh,Brunanburh
battle of bull run,Bull Run
battle of bunker hill,Bunker Hill
battle of caporetto,Caporetto
battle of chattanooga,Chattanooga
battle of chickamauga,Chickamauga
battle of cowpens,Cowpens
battle of crecy,Crecy
battle of cunaxa,Cunaxa
battle of cynoscephalae,Cynoscephalae
battle of el alamein,El Alamein
battle of flodden field,Flodden
battle of fontenoy,Fontenoy
battle of fredericksburg,Fredericksburg
battle of gettysburg,Gettysburg
battle of granicus river,Granicus
battle of guadalcanal,Guadalcanal
battle of hastings,Hastings
battle of hohenlinden,Hohenlinden
battle of ipsus,Ipsus
battle of issus,Issus
battle of ivry,Ivry
battle of jena,Jena
battle of jutland,Jutland
battle of lake trasimenus,Lake Trasimenus
battle of langside,Langside
battle of lepanto,Lepanto
battle of leuctra,Leuctra
battle of little bighorn,Little Bighorn
battle of lule burgas,Lule Burgas
battle of lutzen,Lutzen
battle of magenta,Magenta
battle of maldon,Maldon
battle of marathon,Marathon
battle of marston moor,Marston Moor
battle of midway,Midway
battle of minden,Minden
battle of monmouth,Monmouth Court House
battle of monmouth court house,Monmouth Court House
battle of naseby,Naseby
battle of navarino,Navarino
battle of omdurman,Omdurman
battle of panipat,Panipat
battle of pharsalus,Pharsalus
battle of philippi,Philippi
battle of pittsburgh landing,Shiloh
battle of plassey,Plassey
battle of plataea,Plataea
battle of poitiers,Poitiers
battle of pydna,Pydna
battle of ravenna,Ravenna
battle of rocroi,Rocroi
battle of rossbach,Rossbach
battle of saratoga,Saratoga
battle of sempatch,Sempatch
battle of shiloh,Shiloh
battle of soissons-reims,Soissons
battle of solferino,Solferino
battle of spotsylvania courthouse,Spotsylvania
battle of st mihiel,Saint-Mihiel
battle of tannenberg,Tannenberg
battle of tertry,Tertry
battle of teutoburger wald,Teutoburger Wald
battle of tewkesbury,Tewkesbury
battle of the aisne,Soissons
battle of the bismarck sea,Bismarck Sea
battle of the bulge,Battle of the Ardennes Bulge
battle of the chemin-des-dames,Soissons
battle of the coral sea,Coral Sea
battle of the little bighorn,Little Bighorn
battle of the philippine sea,Philippine Sea
battle of the somme,Somme
battle of thermopylae,Thermopylae
battle of trafalgar,Trafalgar
battle of trasimeno,Trasimeno
battle of valmy,Valmy
battle of verdun,Verdun
battle of wagram,Wagram
battle of wake island,Battle of Wake
battle of waterloo,Waterloo
battle of ypres,Ypres
battle of zama,Zama
battle royal,melee
battle sight,battlesight
battledore,badminton racket
battledore and shuttlecock,battledore
battlefield,battleground
battlefront,front
battleground,battlefield
battlement,crenelation
battler,combatant
battleship,battlewagon
battlesight,battle sight
battlewagon,battleship
battue,bloodbath
bauble,bangle
baud,baud rate
baud rate,baud
bauhinia monandra,butterfly flower
bauhinia variegata,mountain ebony
baulk,balk
baulk-line,balkline
baulker,balker
bawd,prostitute
bawdiness,obscenity
bawdry,bawdy
bawdyhouse,whorehouse
bawler,roarer
bawling,wailing
bawling out,castigation
bay-leaved caper,caper tree
bay-rum tree,bayberry
bay grass,love grass
bay laurel,true laurel
bay lynx,bobcat
bay myrtle,puckerbush
bay of campeche,Gulf of Campeche
bay of ob,Gulf of Ob
bay scallop,Pecten irradians
bay state,Massachusetts
bay tree,true laurel
bay willow,laurel willow
bay window,pot
bay wreath,laurel
baya,Ploceus philippinus
bayberry,bay-rum tree
bayberry tallow,bayberry wax
bayberry wax,bayberry tallow
baycol,cerivastatin
bayer,aspirin
baykal,Baikal
bayt lahm,Bethlehem
bazaar,bazar
bazar,bazaar
bb shot,BB
bbl,barrel
bbs,bulletin board system
bd,Bachelor of Divinity
be,beryllium
be-all and end-all,be all and end all
be all and end all,be-all and end-all
beach aster,seaside daisy
beach ball,beachball
beach buggy,dune buggy
beach chair,deck chair
beach flea,sand hopper
beach goldenrod,seaside goldenrod
beach heather,poverty grass
beach morning glory,railroad vine
beach pancake,Abronia maritima
beach pea,sea pea
beach plum,beach plum bush
beach plum bush,beach plum
beach sand verbena,pink sand verbena
beach strawberry,Chilean strawberry
beach waggon,beach wagon
beach wagon,station wagon
beach wormwood,dusty miller
beachball,beach ball
beachhead,foothold
beacon,beacon fire
beacon fire,beacon
beacon light,beacon
bead,drop
bead and quirk,quirk bead
bead fern,sensitive fern
bead tree,jumby bean
beaded lizard,Mexican beaded lizard
beading,beadwork
beads,string of beads
beadsman,bedesman
beadwork,beading
beak,bill
beaked hazelnut,Corylus cornuta
beaked parsley,chervil
beaked salmon,sandfish
beam,radio beam
beam of light,beam
beam scale,steelyard
bean,edible bean
bean-caper family,Zygophyllaceae
bean aphid,blackfly
bean beetle,Mexican bean beetle
bean blight,halo blight
bean caper,Syrian bean caper
bean curd,tofu
bean plant,bean
bean town,Boston
bean trefoil,stinking bean trefoil
bean weevil,Acanthoscelides obtectus
beanball,beaner
beaner,beanball
beanie,beany
beano,lotto
beantown,Boston
beany,beanie
bear's-paw fern,Aglaomorpha meyeniana
bear's breech,bear's breeches
bear's breeches,bear's breech
bear's ear,auricula
bear's foot,stinking hellebore
bear's grape,common bearberry
bear cat,lesser panda
bear claw,bear paw
bear grass,Yucca smalliana
bear oak,Quercus ilicifolia
bear paw,bear claw
bearberry,cascara buckthorn
bearberry willow,Salix uva-ursi
bearcat,binturong
beard,face fungus
beard lichen,beard moss
beard moss,beard lichen
beard worm,pogonophoran
bearded darnel,darnel
bearded seal,squareflipper square flipper
bearded vulture,lammergeier
bearded wheatgrass,Agropyron subsecundum
bearer,carrier
bearer bond,coupon bond
bearer of the sword,Abu Sayyaf
bearing false witness,perjury
bearing metal,white metal
bearing rein,checkrein
bearskin,busby
bearwood,cascara buckthorn
beast,animal
beast of burden,jument
beastliness,meanness
beat generation,beats
beatification,blessedness
beating,whipping
beating-reed instrument,reed instrument
beatitude,blessedness
beatnik,beat
beatniks,beat generation
beatrice lillie,Lillie
beatrice webb,Webb
beats,beat generation
beats per minute,bpm
beau,boyfriend
beau brummell,Brummell
beau ideal,paragon
beau monde,society
beaugregory,Pomacentrus leucostictus
beaumontia grandiflora,Nepal trumpet flower
beaut,beauty
beauteousness,comeliness
beautician,cosmetician
beauty,smasher
beauty bush,Kolkwitzia amabilis
beauty parlor,salon
beauty parlour,salon
beauty quark,bottom quark
beauty salon,salon
beauty shop,salon
beaux arts,fine arts
beaver,beaver fur
beaver fur,beaver
beaver state,Oregon
bebop,bop
bechamel,white sauce
bechamel sauce,white sauce
bechuana,Tswana
becket bend,sheet bend
bed,bottom
bed-and-breakfast,bed and breakfast
bed-ground,bed ground
bed and breakfast,bed-and-breakfast
bed bug,bedbug
bed clothing,bedclothes
bed cover,bedspread
bed covering,bedspread
bed ground,bed-ground
bed of flowers,flowerbed
bed of roses,rose bed
bed rest,bedrest
bed sheet,sheet
bed wetter,bedwetter
beda,Bede
bedbug,bed bug
bedchamber,bedroom
bedclothes,bed clothing
bedcover,bedspread
bedder,bedding plant
bedding,bedclothes
bedding geranium,fish geranium
bedding material,bedding
bedding plant,bedder
bedesman,beadsman
bedevilment,badgering
bedframe,bedstead
bedground,bed ground
bedlam,chaos
bedloe's island,Liberty Island
bedrest,bed rest
bedrich smetana,Smetana
bedrock,fundamentals
bedroom,sleeping room
bedroom set,bedroom suite
bedroom suite,bedroom set
bedsit,bedsitting room
bedsitter,bedsitting room
bedsitting room,bedsitter
bedsore,pressure sore
bedspread,bedcover
bedstead,bedframe
beduin,Bedouin
bedwetter,bed wetter
bee balm,beebalm
bee house,apiary
bee killer,robber fly
bee moth,wax moth
bee orchid,Ophrys apifera
beebalm,bee balm
beebread,ambrosia
beech,beech tree
beech family,Fagaceae
beech marten,stone marten
beech tree,beech
beechwood,beech
beef,beef cattle
beef broth,beef stock
beef cattle,beef
beef fondue,boeuf fondu bourguignon
beef man,cattleman
beef patty,chopped steak
beef plant,beefsteak plant
beef roast,roast beef
beef stock,beef broth
beef tea,Bovril
beefalo,cattalo
beefburger,hamburger
beefeater,yeoman
beefsteak begonia,kidney begonia
beefsteak fungus,Fistulina hepatica
beefsteak geranium,rex begonia
beefsteak morel,Gyromitra esculenta
beefsteak plant,Perilla frutescens crispa
beefwood,balata
beehive,hive
beehive state,Utah
beekeeper,apiarist
beekeeping,apiculture
beelzebub,Satan
beep,bleep
beeper,pager
beer barrel,beer keg
beer drinker,ale drinker
beer keg,beer barrel
beer maker,brewer
beer mug,stein
beet,common beet
beet armyworm,Spodoptera exigua
beetleweed,galax
beetroot,Beta vulgaris rubra
befooling,stultification
befoulment,defilement
befuddlement,bewilderment
begetter,father
beggar,mendicant
beggar's-ticks,bur marigold
beggar's lice,beggar lice
beggar-my-neighbor,beggar-my-neighbour
beggar-my-neighbor policy,beggar-my-neighbour policy
beggar-my-neighbor strategy,beggar-my-neighbor policy
beggar-my-neighbour,beggar-my-neighbor
beggar-my-neighbour policy,beggar-my-neighbor policy
beggar-my-neighbour strategy,beggar-my-neighbor policy
beggar-ticks,Spanish needles
beggar lice,beggar's lice
beggarweed,Desmodium tortuosum
beggary,begging
begging,beggary
beginner,novice
beginning rhyme,alliteration
begonia cheimantha,Christmas begonia
begonia cocchinea,angel-wing begonia
begonia dregei,grape-leaf begonia
begonia erythrophylla,beefsteak begonia
begonia family,Begoniaceae
begonia feastii,beefsteak begonia
begonia heracleifolia,star begonia
begonia rex,rex begonia
begonia semperflorens,wax begonia
begonia socotrana,Socotra begonia
begonia tuberhybrida,hybrid tuberous begonia
beguilement,bewitchery
beguiler,deceiver
behavior,behaviour
behavior modification,behavior therapy
behavior therapy,behavior modification
behaviorism,behaviourism
behavioristic psychology,behaviorism
behaviour,behavior
behaviourism,behaviorism
behaviouristic psychology,behaviorism
beheading,decapitation
behemoth,giant
behmen,Boehme
behmenism,Boehmenism
beholder,perceiver
beholding,visual perception
behring,Bering
beigel,bagel
beignet,French fritter
beijing dialect,Mandarin
being,beingness
beingness,being
beirut,Bayrut
bel-merodach,Marduk
bela bartok,Bartok
bela ferenc blasko,Lugosi
bela lugosi,Lugosi
belamcanda chinensis,blackberry-lily
belau,Palau
belch,belching
belching,belch
beldam,hag
beldame,hag
beleaguering,siege
belfry,campanile
belgian beef stew,carbonnade flamande
belgian capital,Bruxelles
belgian congo,Congo
belgian griffon,griffon
belgian shepherd,Belgian sheepdog
belgique,Belgium
belief,impression
believability,credibility
believer,truster
bell,doorbell
bell-bottoms,bellbottom trousers
bell-shaped curve,normal curve
bell apple,sweet cup
bell buoy,gong buoy
bell cot,bell cote
bell cote,bell cot
bell glass,bell jar
bell heather,cross-leaved heath
bell jar,bell glass
bell magpie,currawong
bell morel,Verpa
bell pepper,sweet pepper
bell ringer,toller
bell ringing,electioneering
bell seat,balloon seat
bell shape,bell
bell toad,tailed frog
bella sombra,ombu
belladonna,belladonna plant
belladonna lily,naked lady
belladonna plant,belladonna
bellarmino,Bellarmine
bellbottom pants,bellbottom trousers
bellbottom trousers,bell-bottoms
bellboy,bellman
belle de nuit,moonflower
belle miriam silverman,Sills
belleau wood,Battle of the Marne
belles-lettres,belles lettres
belles lettres,belles-lettres
bellflower,campanula
bellflower family,Campanulaceae
bellhop,bellboy
bellicoseness,bellicosity
bellicosity,bellicoseness
belligerence,belligerency
belligerency,belligerence
belling,shivaree
bellis perennis,common daisy
bellman,bellboy
bellow,bellowing
bellower,roarer
bellowing,bellow
bellows,bellow
bellows fish,snipefish
bells of ireland,molucca balm
bellwort,merry bells
belly,abdomen
belly button,navel
belly dance,belly dancing
belly dancer,exotic belly dancer
belly dancing,belly dance
belly flop,belly flopper
belly flopper,belly flop
belly laugh,guffaw
belly whop,belly flop
belly whopper,belly flop
bellyache,stomachache
bellyacher,whiner
bellybutton,navel
belmont,Belmont Park
belongings,property
belorussia,Belarus
belorussian,Byelorussian
belt,knock
belt ammunition,belt
belt bag,waist pack
belted ammunition,belt
belted kingfisher,Ceryle alcyon
belted sandfish,Serranus subligarius
beltway,bypass
beluga,hausen
belvedere,summer cypress
bema,chancel
bemisia tabaci,superbug
bemusement,bewilderment
ben hecht,Hecht
ben hogan,Hogan
ben jonson,Jonson
ben shahn,Shahn
benadryl,diphenhydramine
bench,terrace
bench mark,benchmark
bench vise,vise
bench warrant,arrest warrant
benchmark,bench mark
bend,crook
bend dexter,bend
bend sinister,bar sinister
bendability,pliability
bender,carouse
bending,bend
bendopa,L-dopa
bends,decompression sickness
bendy tree,portia tree
benedetto caetani,Boniface VIII
benedetto odescalchi,Innocent XI
benedick,benedict
benedict arnold,Arnold
benedict de spinoza,Spinoza
benediction,blessing
benefaction,benevolence
benefactive role,beneficiary
benefactor,helper
benefice,ecclesiastical benefice
beneficiation,mineral extraction
benefit,welfare
benefit album,tribute album
benevolence,benefaction
bengal bean,cowage
bengal kino,gum butea
bengal rose,China rose
benghal bean,cowage
benign prostatic hyperplasia,BPH
benign tumor,benign tumour
benign tumour,benign tumor
benignancy,benignity
benignity,benignancy
benito mussolini,Mussolini
benjamin,benzoin
benjamin britten,Britten
benjamin bush,spicebush
benjamin david goodman,Goodman
benjamin disraeli,Disraeli
benjamin franklin,Franklin
benjamin franklin norris jr.,Norris
benjamin harris,Harris
benjamin harrison,Harrison
benjamin henry latrobe,Latrobe
benjamin jonson,Jonson
benjamin jowett,Jowett
benjamin kubelsky,Benny
benjamin peirce,Peirce
benjamin ricketson tucker,Tucker
benjamin rush,Rush
benjamin shahn,Shahn
benjamin spock,Spock
benjamin thompson,Thompson
benjamin west,West
benne,sesame
bennet,white avens
benni,sesame
bennie,Benzedrine
benniseed,sesame seed
benny,sesame
benny goodman,Goodman
benny hill,Hill
benoit mandelbrot,Mandelbrot
bent-grass,bent
bent grass,bent
benthic division,benthos
benthonic zone,benthos
benthos,benthic division
benvenuto cellini,Cellini
benweed,ragwort
benzene,benzine
benzene formula,benzene ring
benzene nucleus,benzene formula
benzene ring,benzene formula
benzine,benzene
benzoate of soda,sodium benzoate
benzocaine,ethyl aminobenzoate
benzofuran,coumarone
benzoin,gum benzoin
benzoin odoriferum,spicebush
benzol,benzene
benzoquinone,quinone
benzoyl group,benzoyl radical
benzoyl radical,benzoyl group
benzyl,benzyl group
benzyl group,benzyl
benzyl radical,benzyl
benzylpenicillin,penicillin G
beograd,Belgrade
bequest,legacy
berating,blowing up
berberis canadensis,American barberry
berberis thunbergii,Japanese barberry
berberis vulgaris,common barberry
berceuse,lullaby
bercy butter,Bercy
bereaved person,bereaved
bereavement,mourning
berg,iceberg
bergall,cunner
bergamot,bergamot orange
bergamot mint,bee balm
bergamot orange,bergamot
bering standard time,Bering Time
berit,Berith
berkelium,Bk
berkshire hills,Berkshires
berm,shoulder
bermuda lily,Easter lily
bermuda maidenhair fern,Bermuda maidenhair
bermudan rig,Bermuda rig
bermudas,Bermuda
bermudian,Bermudan
bermudian rig,Bermuda rig
berna eli oldfield,Oldfield
bernard arthur owen williams,Williams
bernard baruch,Baruch
bernard hinault,Hinault
bernard law montgomery,Montgomery
bernard malamud,Malamud
bernard mannes baruch,Baruch
bernardo bertolucci,Bertolucci
bernd heinrich wilhelm von kleist,Kleist
berne,Bern
bernhard riemann,Riemann
bernoulli distribution,binomial distribution
berretta,biretta
berry fern,bulblet fern
berserker,berserk
berteroa incana,hoary alison
berth,position
bertholletia excelsa,brazil nut
bertolt brecht,Brecht
bertram brockhouse,Brockhouse
bertrand arthur william russell,Russell
bertrand russell,Russell
beryllium,Be
besieging,siege
bessera elegans,coral drops
besseya alpina,Alpine besseya
bessie smith,Smith
bessy cerca,queen triggerfish
best and greatest,Jupiter Optimus Maximus
best seller,bestseller
bestiality,zooerastia
bestowal,bestowment
bestower,donor
bestowment,bestowal
bestseller,best seller
bet,stake
beta-adrenergic blocker,beta blocker
beta-adrenergic blocking agent,beta blocker
beta-adrenergic receptor,beta receptor
beta-adrenoceptor,beta receptor
beta-blocking agent,beta blocker
beta-lactamase,penicillinase
beta-lipoprotein,low-density lipoprotein
beta blocker,beta-blocking agent
beta globulin,transferrin
beta orionis,Rigel
beta radiation,beta ray
beta ray,beta radiation
beta receptor,beta-adrenergic receptor
beta rhythm,beta wave
beta vulgaris,beet
beta vulgaris cicla,chard
beta vulgaris rubra,beetroot
beta vulgaris vulgaris,mangel-wurzel
beta wave,beta rhythm
betatron,induction accelerator
bete noire,anathema
betel,betel pepper
betel nut,areca nut
betel palm,Areca catechu
betel pepper,betel
bethlehem-judah,Bethlehem
bethlehem ephrathah,Bethlehem
betise,stupidity
betrayal,treachery
betrayer,informer
betrothal,troth
betsy griscom ross,Ross
betsy ross,Ross
bette davis,Davis
better half,spouse
betterment,improvement
betting odds,odds
bettor,better
betty friedan,Friedan
betty naomi friedan,Friedan
betty naomi goldstein friedan,Friedan
betula alleghaniensis,yellow birch
betula cordifolia,American white birch
betula fontinalis,swamp birch
betula glandulosa,Newfoundland dwarf birch
betula lenta,sweet birch
betula leutea,yellow birch
betula neoalaskana,Yukon white birch
betula nigra,black birch
betula papyrifera,American white birch
betula pendula,silver birch
betula populifolia,grey birch
betula pubescens,downy birch
betweenbrain,diencephalon
beurre noisette,brown butter
bevel,cant
bevel gear,pinion and crown wheel
bevel square,bevel
beverage,drink
beverly sills,Sills
bewilderment,obfuscation
bewitchery,beguilement
bewitchment,enchantment
bextra,valdecoxib
bezant,bezzant
bezique,pinochle
bezoar goat,pasang
bezzant,bezant
bh,bohrium
bhadrapada,Bhadon
bhagavadgita,Bhagavad-Gita
bharat,India
bhutani,Bhutanese
bi,bismuth
bialy,bialystoker
bialystoker,bialy
bible-worship,bibliolatry
bible leaf,costmary
biblical latin,Late Latin
bibliolatry,Bible-worship
bibliophile,booklover
bibliopole,bibliopolist
bibliopolist,bibliopole
bibliothec,librarian
bibos frontalis,gayal
bibos gaurus,gaur
bicarbonate,hydrogen carbonate
bicarbonate of soda,sodium hydrogen carbonate
biceps brachii,musculus biceps brachii
biceps humeri,biceps brachii
bichloride,dichloride
bichloride of mercury,mercuric chloride
bichromate,dichromate
bicker,bickering
bickering,bicker
bicolor lespediza,ezo-yama-hagi
bicorne,bicorn
bicuspid valve,mitral valve
bicycle,bike
bicycle-built-for-two,tandem bicycle
bicycle clip,trouser clip
bicycle seat,saddle
bicycler,cyclist
bicyclist,cyclist
bid,command
bida,Doha
bidding,command
biddy,hen
bidens bipinnata,Spanish needles
bidens connata,swampy beggar-ticks
bidens coronata,tickseed sunflower
bidens trichosperma,tickseed sunflower
bidens tripartita,European beggar-ticks
biff,punch
big-bang theory,big bang theory
big-bud hickory,mockernut
big-cone douglas fir,big-cone spruce
big-cone spruce,big-cone douglas fir
big-eared bat,Megaderma lyra
big-eyed scad,bigeye scad
big-leaf maple,Oregon maple
big-toothed aspen,Canadian aspen
big-tree plum,Prunus mexicana
big bang theory,big-bang theory
big bedbug,conenose
big bill haywood,Haywood
big bill tilden,Tilden
big board,New York Stock Exchange
big brown bat,Eptesicus fuscus
big bucks,pile
big businessman,baron
big cat,cat
big cheese,big shot
big deal,big shot
big enchilada,big shot
big fish,big shot
big gun,big shot
big hand,minute hand
big league,major league
big leaguer,major leaguer
big marigold,African marigold
big money,pile
big sagebrush,blue sage
big shagbark,big shellbark
big shellbark,big shellbark hickory
big shellbark hickory,big shellbark
big shot,big gun
big spender,high roller
big toe,great toe
big top,circus tent
big tree,giant sequoia
big wheel,big shot
bigarade,sour orange
bigeye scad,big-eyed scad
bighorn river,Bighorn
bighorn sheep,bighorn
bigness,largeness
bignonia capreolata,cross vine
bigotry,dogmatism
bigtooth aspen,Canadian aspen
bigtoothed aspen,Canadian aspen
bigwig,kingpin
bijugate leaf,bijugous leaf
bijugous leaf,bijugate leaf
bike,motorcycle
bikers,rockers
bilateral symmetry,bilaterality
bilateralism,bilaterality
bilaterality,bilateralism
bilberry,whortleberry
bilby,rabbit-eared bandicoot
bile,gall
bile duct,common bile duct
bilestone,gallstone
bilge,bilge water
bilge water,bilge
bilges,bilge
bilgewater,baloney
bilharzia,schistosomiasis
bilharziasis,schistosomiasis
bilimbi,Averrhoa bilimbi
bilingualist,bilingual
biliousness,temper
bilirubin,hematoidin
bill,measure
bill-me order,credit order
bill clinton,Clinton
bill gates,Gates
bill haley,Haley
bill mauldin,Mauldin
bill of exchange,draft
bill of fare,menu
bill of indictment,indictment
bill of lading,waybill
bill poster,poster
bill russell,Russell
bill sticker,bill poster
billboard,hoarding
billet,note
billet doux,love letter
billfish,gar
billfold,wallet
billhook,bill
billiard hall,billiard room
billiard parlor,billiard room
billiard parlour,billiard room
billiard room,billiard saloon
billiard saloon,billiard room
billiard table,pool table
billie jean king,King
billie jean moffitt king,King
billie the kid,Bonney
billing,charge
billingsgate,scurrility
billion-dollar grass,Japanese millet
billow,surge
billy,truncheon
billy-ho,billyo
billy club,truncheon
billy goat,billy
billy graham,Graham
billy mitchell,Mitchell
billy sunday,Sunday
billy wilder,Wilder
billyo,billyoh
billyoh,billyo
billystick,truncheon
bilsted,sweet gum
bimillenary,bimillennium
bimillennium,bimillenary
bimli,kenaf
bimli hemp,kenaf
bin,binful
binary arithmetic operation,boolean operation
binary number system,binary numeration system
binary numeration system,pure binary numeration system
binary operation,boolean operation
binary program,binary
binary star,binary
binary system,binary numeration system
binder,reaper binder
binder's board,binder board
binder board,binder's board
binding energy,separation energy
bine,common hop
binful,bin
bing crosby,Crosby
binge,orgy
binge-eating syndrome,bulimia
binge-purge syndrome,bulimarexia
binge-vomit syndrome,bulimarexia
binger,crack addict
bingle,single
bingo,lotto
binoculars,field glasses
binomial distribution,Bernoulli distribution
binturong,bearcat
bio-assay,bioassay
bio lab,biology lab
bioarm,bioweapon
bioassay,bio-assay
bioattack,biological warfare
biodefence,biological defense
biodefense,biological defense
bioengineering,biotechnology
bioflavinoid,vitamin P
biogenesis,biosynthesis
biogeny,biogenesis
biography,life
biohazard,biological agent
biologic attack,biological warfare
biological agent,biohazard
biological attack,biological warfare
biological defence,biological defense
biological defense,biological defence
biological process,organic process
biological science,biology
biological terrorism,bioterrorism
biological warfare,BW
biological warfare defence,biological warfare defense
biological warfare defense,biological warfare defence
biological weapon,bioweapon
biologist,life scientist
biology,biological science
biology department,department of biology
biology lab,biology laboratory
biology laboratory,biology lab
biomedical cloning,therapeutic cloning
biometric authentication,biometric identification
biometric identification,biometric authentication
biometrics,biometry
biometry,biometrics
bionic man,cyborg
bionic woman,cyborg
bionomics,ecology
bioscience,life science
biostatistics,biometrics
biosynthesis,biogenesis
biosystematics,biosystematy
biosystematy,biosystematics
biota,biology
biotech,biotechnology
biotechnology,biotech
bioterrorism,biological terrorism
biotic community,community
biotin,vitamin H
bioweapon,biological weapon
biplane flying fish,four-wing flying fish
bipolar disorder,manic depression
biquadrate,biquadratic
biquadratic equation,biquadratic
biquadratic polynomial,biquadratic
birch bark,birchbark canoe
birch family,Betulaceae
birch leaf miner,Fenusa pusilla
birch oil,methyl salicylate
birch rod,birch
birch tree,birch
birchbark,birchbark canoe
birchbark canoe,birchbark
bird,fowl
bird's-eye bush,Ochna serrulata
bird's-foot fern,Pellaea mucronata
bird's-foot violet,pansy violet
bird's eye,germander speedwell
bird's eye view,panoramic view
bird's foot clover,bird's foot trefoil
bird's foot trefoil,Trigonella ornithopodioides
bird's nest,bird nest
bird's nest fern,Asplenium nidus
bird-footed dinosaur,theropod
bird-on-the-wing,flowering wintergreen
bird-scarer,scarecrow
bird cherry,bird cherry tree
bird cherry tree,bird cherry
bird feed,bird food
bird feeder,birdfeeder
bird food,bird feed
bird louse,biting louse
bird nest,bird's nest
bird of jove,eagle
bird of juno,peafowl
bird of minerva,owl
bird of night,owl
bird of paradise,poinciana
bird of passage,wanderer
bird of prey,raptor
bird parker,Parker
bird pepper,Capsicum frutescens baccatum
bird sanctuary,aviary
bird shot,buckshot
bird vetch,tufted vetch
bird watcher,ornithologist
birdbrain,addle-head
birdcall,call
birder,bird watcher
birdfeeder,bird feeder
birdie,shuttlecock
birdlime,lime
birdnest,bird's nest
birdseed,bird feed
birdseed grass,canary grass
birdsong,birdcall
birefringence,double refraction
biretta,berretta
biriani,biryani
birling,logrolling
biro,ballpoint
birr,whir
birretta,biretta
birth,nativity
birth-control campaigner,birth-control reformer
birth-control reformer,birth-control campaigner
birth control,birth prevention
birth control device,contraceptive
birth control pill,pill
birth defect,congenital anomaly
birth pangs,labor pains
birth prevention,birth control
birth rate,birthrate
birthday,natal day
birthday gift,birthday present
birthday present,birthday gift
birthday suit,raw
birthing,parturition
birthing coach,labor coach
birthmark,nevus
birthplace,place of birth
birthrate,birth rate
birthright,patrimony
birthroot,purple trillium
birthwort,Aristolochia clematitis
birthwort family,Aristolochiaceae
biryani,biriani
bisayan,Visayan
bisayas,Visayan Islands
biscuit,cookie
biscutalla laevigata,buckler mustard
bise,bize
biserial correlation,biserial correlation coefficient
biserial correlation coefficient,biserial correlation
bisexual person,bisexual
bisexuality,androgyny
bishop's cap,miterwort
bishop's hat,barrenwort
bishop's pine,bishop pine
bishop's throne,cathedra
bishop berkeley,Berkeley
bishop of rome,pope
bishop pine,bishop's pine
bishop ulfila,Ulfilas
bishop ulfilas,Ulfilas
bishop wulfila,Ulfilas
bishopric,diocese
bishopry,episcopate
biskek,Bishkek
bismark,Berlin doughnut
bismuth,Bi
bison bison,American bison
bison bonasus,wisent
bissextile day,leap day
bissextile year,leap year
bister,bistre
bistre,bister
bit,spot
bit part,minor role
bitch,cunt
bitchiness,cattiness
bite,morsel
bite plate,biteplate
biteplate,bite plate
biting louse,bird louse
biting midge,punkie
bitis arietans,puff adder
bitis gabonica,gaboon viper
bitmap,electronic image
bits per inch,bpi
bits per second,bps
bitstock,brace
bitt,bollard
bitter-bark,fever tree
bitter almond,Prunus dulcis amara
bitter aloes,aloes
bitter betch,Vicia orobus
bitter cassava,manioc
bitter chocolate,baking chocolate
bitter cress,bittercress
bitter dock,broad-leaved dock
bitter floom,marsh pink
bitter hickory,bitternut
bitter orange,sour orange
bitter orange tree,sour orange
bitter pecan,water hickory
bitter pignut,bitternut
bitter salts,Epsom salts
bitter spar,dolomite
bittercress,bitter cress
bitterness,resentment
bitternut,bitternut hickory
bitternut hickory,bitternut
bitterroot,Lewisia rediviva
bitters,bitter
bittersweet chocolate,semi-sweet chocolate
bittersweet nightshade,bittersweet
bitterweed,oxtongue
bitterwood,quassia
bituminous coal,soft coal
bivouac,camp
bivouacking,camping
biz,game
bizarreness,outlandishness
bize,bise
bja,Bureau of Justice Assistance
bjs,Bureau of Justice Statistics
bk,berkelium
blabber,informer
blabbermouth,tattletale
black-and-tan terrier,Manchester terrier
black-backed gull,great black-backed gull
black-billed cuckoo,Coccyzus erythropthalmus
black-body radiation,blackbody radiation
black-capped chickadee,blackcap
black-crowned night heron,Nycticorax nycticorax
black-eyed pea,cowpea
black-eyed susan vine,black-eyed Susan
black-footed albatross,gooney
black-footed ferret,ferret
black-fronted bush shrike,Chlorophoneus nigrifrons
black-legged tick,Ixodes scapularis
black-necked cobra,spitting cobra
black-necked grebe,eared grebe
black-necked stilt,Himantopus mexicanus
black-necked stork,policeman bird
black-stem spleenwort,black-stemmed spleenwort
black-stemmed spleenwort,black-stem spleenwort
black-tailed deer,blacktail deer
black-winged stilt,Himantopus himantopus
black africa,Sub-Saharan Africa
black american,African-American
black and gold garden spider,Argiope aurantia
black angus,Aberdeen Angus
black apricot,purple apricot
black archangel,black horehound
black art,sorcery
black ash,basket ash
black bamboo,kuri-chiku
black bass,black sea bass
black bead,cat's-claw
black bean,turtle bean
black bear,Asiatic black bear
black bearberry,alpine bearberry
black bee,German bee
black beech,Nothofagus solanderi
black bile,melancholy
black bindweed,black bryony
black birch,sweet birch
black body,blackbody
black book,blacklist
black bread,pumpernickel
black bream,Chrysophrys australis
black bryony,black bindweed
black buck,blackbuck
black buffalo,Ictiobus niger
black calla,Arum palaestinum
black caraway,nutmeg flower
black cat,fisher
black catechu,catechu
black cherry,black cherry tree
black cherry tree,black cherry
black cock,blackcock
black cohosh,black snakeroot
black cottonwood,swamp cottonwood
black crappie,Pomoxis nigromaculatus
black currant,European black currant
black cypress pine,red cypress pine
black diamond,carbonado
black disease,sheep rot
black duck,Anas rubripes
black elder,bourtree
black elderberry,American elder
black english,African American Vernacular English
black english vernacular,African American Vernacular English
black eye,shiner
black flag,pirate flag
black fly,blackfly
black friar,Dominican
black fritillary,mission bells
black grama,Bouteloua eriopoda
black greasewood,greasewood
black guillemot,Cepphus grylle
black gum,sour gum
black haw,false buckthorn
black hellebore,lenten rose
black hemlock,mountain hemlock
black henbane,henbane
black hickory,mockernut
black hollander,almond willow
black horehound,black archangel
black huckleberry,Gaylussacia baccata
black humor,black humour
black humour,black humor
black jack pershing,Pershing
black kite,Milvus migrans
black knapweed,lesser knapweed
black larch,American larch
black lead,graphite
black letter,Gothic
black locust,yellow locust
black lotion,blackwash
black lovage,Alexander
black lung,anthracosis
black lung disease,anthracosis
black magic,sorcery
black maire,Olea cunninghamii
black mallee,black sally
black mamba,Dendroaspis augusticeps
black mangrove,Aegiceras majus
black margate,pompon
black maria,police van
black marlin,Makaira mazara
black medick,hop clover
black morel,Morchella conica
black moss,Spanish moss
black mulberry,Morus nigra
black music,African-American music
black mustard,Brassica nigra
black nightshade,common nightshade
black oak,yellow oak
black olive,ripe olive
black pea,Lathyrus niger
black pepper,pepper
black person,Black
black pine,matai
black plague,Black Death
black poplar,Populus nigra
black prince,Edward
black pudding,blood sausage
black racer,blacksnake
black raspberry,blackcap
black rat,roof rat
black rat snake,blacksnake
black rhinoceros,Diceros bicornis
black rockweed,bladderwrack
black root rot fungus,Xylaria mali
black rudderfish,barrelfish
black sage,wooly blue curls
black sally,black mallee
black salsify,viper's grass
black saltwort,sea milkwort
black sea bass,black bass
black september,Fatah Revolutionary Council
black sheep,scapegrace
black snakeroot,Canada ginger
black spleenwort,Asplenium adiantum-nigrum
black spruce,Picea mariana
black stork,Ciconia nigra
black sumac,dwarf sumac
black swan,Cygnus atratus
black tai,Tai Dam
black tie,dinner jacket
black tongue,hairy tongue
black tree fern,silver tree fern
black turnstone,Arenaria-Melanocephala
black vernacular,African American Vernacular English
black vernacular english,African American Vernacular English
black vomit,yellow jack
black vulture,carrion crow
black walnut,black walnut tree
black walnut tree,black walnut
black wattle,Acacia auriculiformis
black weevil,rice weevil
black whale,pilot whale
black widow,Latrodectus mactans
black willow,swamp willow
blackamoor,Black
blackback flounder,winter flounder
blackball,barring
blackbeard,Teach
blackbeetle,oriental cockroach
blackberry,blackberry bush
blackberry-lily,leopard lily
blackberry bush,blackberry
blackbird,New World blackbird
blackboard,chalkboard
blackbody,black body
blackbody radiation,black-body radiation
blackbuck,black buck
blackburnian warbler,Blackburn
blackcap,black raspberry
blackcap raspberry,black raspberry
blackcock,black cock
blackdamp,chokedamp
blackening,darkening
blackfish,tautog
blackfly,bean aphid
blackfoot daisy,Melampodium leucanthum
blackfriar,Dominican
blackguard,cad
blackhead,comedo
blackheart,blackheart cherry
blackheart cherry,blackheart
blacking,shoe polish
blackjack,blackjack oak
blackjack oak,blackjack
blackleg,scab
blacklist,black book
blackmailer,extortioner
blackmouth bass,Synagrops bellus
blackness,black
blackout,brownout
blackpoll,Dendroica striate
blackseed,smut grass
blacksnake,black rat snake
blacktail,black-tailed deer
blacktail deer,black-tailed deer
blacktail jackrabbit,Lepus californicus
blacktail prairie dog,Cynomys ludovicianus
blackthorn,sloe
blacktip shark,sandbar shark
blacktop,blacktopping
blacktopping,blacktop
blackwash,character assassination
blackwood,blackwood tree
blackwood tree,blackwood
bladder,vesica
bladder campion,Silene uniflora
bladder cherry,Chinese lantern plant
bladder fucus,bladderwrack
bladder ketmia,flower-of-an-hour
bladder senna,Colutea arborescens
bladder sphincter,musculus sphincter vesicae
bladder stone,cystolith
bladdernose,hooded seal
bladdernut family,Staphylaceae
bladderpod,Indian tobacco
bladderwort family,Lentibulariaceae
bladderwrack,Ascophyllum nodosum
blade,leaf blade
blade apple,Barbados gooseberry
blade bit,fishtail bit
blaeberry,bilberry
blah,bombast
blahs,bombast
blaise pascal,Pascal
blamelessness,inculpability
blameworthiness,culpability
blanc fixe,barium sulphate
blanching agent,bleaching agent
bland diet,ulcer diet
blandishment,cajolery
blandness,insipidity
blank check,free hand
blank cheque,blank check
blank endorsement,endorsement in blank
blank shell,blank
blank space,space
blanket flower,Indian blanket
blanquillo,tilefish
blare,blaring
blarina brevicauda,short-tailed shrew
blarney,coaxing
blasphemy,profanation
blast,bang
blast wave,shock wave
blaster,chargeman
blastocele,blastocoel
blastocoel,blastocoele
blastocoele,blastocoel
blastocyst,blastodermic vessicle
blastocytoma,blastoma
blastoderm,germinal disc
blastodermic vessicle,blastocyst
blastodisc,blastoderm
blastoff,shot
blastoma,blastocytoma
blastosphere,blastula
blastula,blastosphere
blather,blatherskite
blatherskite,blather
blatta orientalis,oriental cockroach
blattaria,Blattodea
blattella germanica,German cockroach
blaze,blazing
blazer,sport jacket
blazing star,Mentzelia livicaulis
blazon,coat of arms
blazonry,coat of arms
bleach,bleaching agent
bleachers,bleacher
bleaching agent,bleach
bleaching clay,bleaching earth
bleaching earth,bleaching clay
bleaching powder,chlorinated lime
bleakness,desolation
bleb,blister
blechnum spicant,deer fern
bleeder,hemophiliac
bleeder's disease,hemophilia
bleeding,hemorrhage
bleeding heart,lyreflower
bleeding tooth,Nerita peloronta
bleep,beep
blemish,defect
blend,portmanteau word
blende,zinc blende
blended whiskey,blended whisky
blended whisky,blended whiskey
blender,liquidizer
blending,blend
blennioid,blennioid fish
blennioid fish,blennioid
blennius pholis,shanny
blenny,combtooth blenny
blephilia celiata,downy wood mint
blephilia hirsuta,hairy wood mint
blessed event,happy event
blessed thistle,milk thistle
blessed trinity,Trinity
blessed virgin,Mary
blessedness,beatitude
blessing,approval
blether,prate
bletia striata,Bletilla striata
bleu,blue cheese
bleu cheese dressing,blue cheese dressing
blewits,Clitocybe nuda
blighia sapida,akee
blighter,pest
blimp,Colonel Blimp
blind alley,cul de sac
blind bend,blind curve
blind curve,blind bend
blind eel,amphiuma
blind flying,blind landing
blind gentian,closed gentian
blind gut,cecum
blind landing,blind flying
blind snake,worm snake
blind spot,optic disc
blind staggers,staggers
blinder,winker
blindman's bluff,blindman's buff
blindman's buff,blindman's bluff
blindness,sightlessness
blindworm,slowworm
bling,bling bling
bling bling,bling
blini,bliny
blink,eye blink
blink of an eye,flash
blinker,flasher
blinking chickweed,blinks
blinks,blinking chickweed
blintz,blintze
blintze,blintz
bliny,blini
blip,pip
bliss,blissfulness
blissfulness,bliss
blissus leucopterus,chinch bug
blister,bulla
blister beetle,meloid
blister pack,bubble pack
blister rust,white-pine rust
blistering agent,mustard gas
blitheness,cheerfulness
blitt,Bachelor of Literature
blitz,safety blitz
blitzkrieg,blitz
blixen,Dinesen
blizzard,snowstorm
bloc,axis
blocadren,timolol
block,city block
block anaesthesia,conduction anesthesia
block anesthesia,conduction anesthesia
block capital,block letter
block letter,block capital
block of metal,ingot
blockade,encirclement
blockage,obstruction
blockbuster,megahit
blocker,blocking agent
blockhead,dunce
blocking,block
blocking agent,blocker
blog,web log
bloke,chap
blolly,West Indian snowberry
blonde lilian,white dogtooth violet
blondness,paleness
blood,rake
blood-oxygenation level dependent functional magnetic resonance imaging,BOLD FMRI
blood-twig,common European dogwood
blood berry,bloodberry
blood brother,brother
blood cell,blood corpuscle
blood clot,grume
blood clotting,blood coagulation
blood coagulation,blood clotting
blood corpuscle,blood cell
blood cup,fairy cup
blood cyst,hemorrhagic cyst
blood disease,blood disorder
blood disorder,blood disease
blood feud,vendetta
blood flower,swallowwort
blood fluke,schistosome
blood glucose,blood sugar
blood group,blood type
blood heat,body temperature
blood kinship,consanguinity
blood knot,barrel knot
blood line,lineage
blood plasma,plasma
blood platelet,platelet
blood poisoning,septicemia
blood profile,complete blood count
blood pudding,blood sausage
blood relation,blood relative
blood relative,blood relation
blood sausage,blood pudding
blood serum,serum
blood stream,bloodstream
blood sugar,blood glucose
blood transfusion,transfusion
blood type,blood group
bloodbath,bloodletting
bloodberry,blood berry
bloodhound,sleuthhound
bloodiness,bloodthirstiness
bloodless revolution,English Revolution
bloodletting,bloodbath
bloodline,lineage
bloodroot,puccoon
bloodshed,gore
bloodstone,heliotrope
bloodstream,blood stream
bloodsucker,leech
bloodthirstiness,bloodiness
bloodwood tree,kiaat
bloodwort family,Haemodoraceae
bloody mary,Mary I
bloody shame,Virgin Mary
bloom,blooming
bloom of youth,bloom
bloomer,blunder
bloomeria crocea,golden star
bloomers,pants
blooming-fool begonia,Christmas begonia
blooper,blunder
blossom,flower
blossoming,flowering
blot,smudge
blotch,splodge
blotter,blotting paper
blotting paper,blotter
blow,bump
blow drier,hand blower
blow dryer,hand blower
blow fly,blowfly
blow gas,blowing gas
blow tube,blowtube
blowback,backfire
blowball,dandelion
blower,electric fan
blowfish,sea squab
blowfly,blow fly
blowgun,blowpipe
blowhard,bragger
blowhole,vent
blowing gas,blow gas
blowing up,berating
blowjob,cock sucking
blowlamp,blowtorch
blowout,runaway
blowpipe,blowtube
blowtorch,torch
blowtube,blow tube
blowup,explosion
blt,bacon-lettuce-tomato sandwich
blu-82,Big Blue
blubber,fatness
blue-belly,western fence lizard
blue-blindness,tritanopia
blue-chip stock,blue chip
blue-green algae,cyanobacteria
blue-headed vireo,Vireo solitarius solitarius
blue-winged teal,bluewing
blue african lily,African lily
blue air,blue sky
blue angel,amobarbital sodium
blue ash,Fraxinus quadrangulata
blue blood,aristocrat
blue bugle,erect bugle
blue bull,nilgai
blue cardinal flower,great lobelia
blue cat,blue catfish
blue catfish,blue cat
blue channel cat,blue catfish
blue channel catfish,blue catfish
blue cheese,bleu
blue cheese dressing,Roquefort dressing
blue chip,blue-chip stock
blue cohosh,blueberry root
blue columbine,Aquilegia caerulea
blue copperas,blue vitriol
blue crab,Callinectes sapidus
blue daisy,blue marguerite
blue darter,Cooper's hawk
blue devil,blueweed
blue devils,blues
blue elder,blue elderberry
blue elderberry,blue elder
blue false indigo,Baptisia australis
blue fig,quandong
blue flag,Iris versicolor
blue fleabane,Erigeron acer
blue funk,funk
blue goose,Chen caerulescens
blue grama,Bouteloua gracilis
blue grass,bluegrass
blue green,bluish green
blue gum,fever tree
blue jack,coho
blue jasmine,blue jessamine
blue jay,jaybird
blue jean,jean
blue jessamine,blue jasmine
blue jet,jet
blue joke,dirty joke
blue lotus,Nymphaea stellata
blue mahoe,Cuban bast
blue marguerite,blue daisy
blue marlin,Makaira nigricans
blue mockingbird,Melanotis caerulescens
blue mold fungus,Peronospora tabacina
blue orchid,Vanda caerulea
blue pea,butterfly pea
blue peafowl,Pavo cristatus
blue pickerel,blue pike
blue pike,blue pickerel
blue pikeperch,blue pike
blue pimpernel,blue skullcap
blue point,bluepoint
blue pointed,bonito shark
blue poppy,Meconopsis betonicifolia
blue racer,Coluber constrictor flaviventris
blue ribbon,cordon bleu
blue ribbon commission,blue ribbon committee
blue ribbon committee,blue ribbon commission
blue ribbon jury,special jury
blue ridge,Blue Ridge Mountains
blue runner,runner
blue sage,Salvia reflexa
blue shark,great blue shark
blue skullcap,blue pimpernel
blue sky,blue
blue star,Amsonia tabernaemontana
blue stem,bluestem
blue stone,blue vitriol
blue story,dirty joke
blue succory,cupid's dart
blue thistle,blueweed
blue tit,tomtit
blue toadflax,old-field toadflax
blue tulip,American pasqueflower
blue vitriol,blue copperas
blue wall,blue wall of silence
blue wall of silence,blue wall
blue walleye,blue pike
blue whale,sulfur bottom
blueback salmon,sockeye
bluebell,wild hyacinth
blueberry,blueberry bush
blueberry bush,blueberry
blueberry root,blue cohosh
bluebill,scaup
bluebird,fairy bluebird
bluebonnet,buffalo clover
bluebottle,cornflower
bluefin,bluefin tuna
bluefin tuna,bluefin
bluefish,Pomatomus saltatrix
bluegill,Lepomis macrochirus
bluegrass,blue grass
bluegrass country,Bluegrass
bluegrass region,Bluegrass
bluegrass state,Kentucky
bluegrass stater,Kentuckian
bluehead,Thalassoma bifasciatum
blueing,bluing
bluejack oak,turkey oak
bluejacket,navy man
blueness,blue
bluenose,Nova Scotian
bluepoint,blue point
blueprint,design
blues,blue devils
bluestem,blue stem
bluestem wheatgrass,western wheatgrass
bluestocking,bas bleu
bluethroat,Erithacus svecicus
bluethroat pikeblenny,Chaenopsis ocellata
blueweed,blue devil
bluewing,blue-winged teal
bluffer,four-flusher
bluing,blueing
blunder,blooper
blunderer,bungler
blunt-leaf heath,common heath
bluntness,dullness
blur,fuzz
blurb,endorsement
blurriness,indistinctness
blush,bloom
blush wine,pink wine
blusher,blushing mushroom
blushing mushroom,blusher
bluster,bravado
blusterer,loudmouth
bm,fecal matter
bmdo,Ballistic Missile Defense Organization
bmi,body mass index
bmr,basal metabolic rate
bmus,Bachelor of Music
bns,Bachelor of Naval Science
bo's'n,boatswain
bo'sun,boatswain
bo tree,pipal
boa,feather boa
boa constrictor,Constrictor constrictor
boar,wild boar
boar thistle,bull thistle
board,plank
board meeting,committee meeting
board of appeals,appeal board
board of directors,directorate
board of education,school board
board of trade unit,kilowatt hour
boarder,lodger
boarding,embarkation
boarding card,boarding pass
boarding house,boardinghouse
boarding pass,boarding card
boardinghouse,boarding house
boardroom,council chamber
boards,board
boarfish,Capros aper
boast,boasting
boaster,bragger
boastfulness,vainglory
boasting,boast
boat,gravy boat
boat-billed heron,boatbill
boat bug,water boatman
boat club,yacht club
boat paddle,paddle
boatbill,boat-billed heron
boater,leghorn
boating,yachting
boatload,shipload
boatman,boater
boatswain,bos'n
boatswain's chair,bosun's chair
boatswain bird,tropic bird
bob,British shilling
bob dylan,Dylan
bob hope,Hope
bob marley,Marley
bob mathias,Mathias
bob woodward,Woodward
bobber,bob
bobbin,spool
bobbin lace,pillow lace
bobby-socker,bobbysoxer
bobby fischer,Fischer
bobby jones,Jones
bobby orr,Orr
bobby pin,hairgrip
bobbysock,anklet
bobbysocks,anklet
bobbysoxer,bobby-socker
bobcat,bay lynx
bobfloat,bob
bobolink,ricebird
bobsled,bobsleigh
bobsleigh,bobsled
bobwhite,bobwhite quail
bobwhite quail,bobwhite
bocce,bocci
bocce ball,bocci ball
bocci,bocce
bocci ball,bocce ball
boccie,bocce
boccie ball,bocce ball
bocconia,plume poppy
bocconia frutescens,bocconia
boche,Kraut
bock,bock beer
bock beer,bock
bod,human body
boddhisatva,Bodhisattva
bodensee,Constance
bodily cavity,cavity
bodily fluid,liquid body substance
bodily function,bodily process
bodily process,body process
bodily structure,structure
boding,foreboding
bodkin,poniard
bodoni font,modern
body,organic structure
body-build,physique
body armor,body armour
body armour,body armor
body bag,personnel pouch
body fluid,liquid body substance
body louse,cootie
body mass index,BMI
body odor,body odour
body odour,body odor
body of water,water
body of work,oeuvre
body politic,state
body process,bodily process
body snatcher,graverobber
body structure,structure
body suit,leotard
body temperature,blood heat
body type,somatotype
body waste,excretion
bodybuilder,muscle builder
bodybuilding,anaerobic exercise
bodyguard,escort
boehm,Boehme
boehmeria nivea,ramie
boer,Afrikaner
boeuf,beef
boeuf bourguignonne,beef Bourguignonne
boeuf fondu bourguignon,beef fondue
bog,peat bog
bog bilberry,bog whortleberry
bog candles,bog rein orchid
bog hemp,false nettle
bog kalmia,swamp laurel
bog laurel,swamp laurel
bog moss,sphagnum
bog myrtle,water shamrock
bog pimpernel,Anagallis tenella
bog plant,marsh plant
bog rein orchid,bog candles
bog rhubarb,butterbur
bog rose,wild pink
bog rosemary,moorwort
bog star,Parnassia palustris
bog whortleberry,bog bilberry
bogbean,water shamrock
bogey,bogy
bogeyman,bugbear
bogie,bogey
bogmat,mud midget
bogy,bogie
bohme,Boehme
bohrium,Bh
boil,furuncle
boil smut,Ustilago maydis
boiled dinner,New England boiled dinner
boiled egg,coddled egg
boiler,steam boiler
boilers suit,overall
boilersuit,overall
boiling point,boil
boiling water reactor,BWR
bok choi,bok choy
bok choy,bok choi
bokkos,Ron
bokmaal,Bokmal
bola,bolo tie
bola tie,bolo tie
bolanci,Bole
bold face,boldface
bold fmri,blood-oxygenation level dependent functional magnetic resonance imaging
boldface,bold face
boldness,daring
bole,trunk
boletus frostii,Frost's bolete
bolide,fireball
bolingbroke,Henry IV
boll weevil,Anthonomus grandis
bollard,bitt
bollock,testis
bolo,bolo tie
bolo knife,bolo
bolo tie,bolo
bologna sausage,bologna
bologram,bolograph
bolograph,bologram
boloney,baloney
bolshie,Bolshevik
bolster,long pillow
bolt of lightning,thunderbolt
bolti,Tilapia nilotica
boltzmann distribution law,Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution law
bomarea edulis,salsilla
bomarea salsilla,salsilla
bomb,bomb calorimeter
bomb calorimeter,bomb
bomb shelter,air-raid shelter
bombard,bombardon
bombardment,barrage
bombardon,helicon
bombast,fustian
bombax ceiba,red silk-cotton tree
bombax malabarica,red silk-cotton tree
bombay,Mumbai
bombay ceiba,kapok
bombay hemp,kenaf
bomber,grinder
bomber aircrew,bomber crew
bomber crew,bomber aircrew
bomber harris,Harris
bombilation,buzz
bombina bombina,fire-bellied toad
bombination,buzz
bombing,bombardment
bomblet,cluster bomblet
bombshell,thunderbolt
bombycid,bombycid moth
bombycid moth,bombycid
bombycilla cedrorun,cedar waxwing
bombycilla garrulus,Bohemian waxwing
bombyx mori,domestic silkworm moth
bon mot,mot
bon ton,society
bon vivant,epicure
bon voyage,send-off
bonanza,boom
bonaparte,Napoleon
bonasa umbellus,ruffed grouse
bonavist,hyacinth bean
bonce,attic
bond,chemical bond
bond-trading activity,bond trading
bond certificate,bond
bond paper,bond
bond trading,bond-trading activity
bondage,slavery
bonding,soldering
bondmaid,bondwoman
bondman,bondsman
bondsman,bondman
bondswoman,bondsman
bonduc,Kentucky coffee tree
bonduc nut,nicker nut
bonduc tree,bonduc
bondwoman,bondswoman
bone-ash cup,cupel
bone-forming cell,osteoblast
bone black,bone char
bone char,bone black
bone marrow,marrow
bone oil,Dippel's oil
bonefish,Albula vulpes
bonehead,dunce
bonelet,ossicle
boner,blunder
bones,castanets
boneset,common comfrey
bonfire,balefire
bongo,bongo drum
bongo drum,bongo
bonhomie,affability
boniness,bonyness
bonito,oceanic bonito
bonito shark,blue pointed
bonnet,poke bonnet
bonnet macaque,bonnet monkey
bonnet monkey,bonnet macaque
bonnet shark,shovelhead
bonnethead,shovelhead
bonobo,pygmy chimpanzee
bonus,fillip
bonxie,skua
bony labyrinth,osseous labyrinth
bonyness,boniness
boo,hoot
boo-boo,blunder
boob,dumbbell
boob tube,television receiver
booby,dumbbell
booby hatch,Bedlam
booby trap,land mine
boocercus eurycerus,bongo
boodle,bread
booger,bogeyman
boogeyman,bogeyman
boogie,boogie-woogie
boogie-woogie,boogie
boojum tree,cirio
book,volume
book binding,binding
book fair,bookfair
book jacket,dust cover
book louse,booklouse
book lover,bibliophile
book matches,safety match
book of account,ledger
book of amos,Amos
book of baruch,Baruch
book of daniel,Daniel
book of deuteronomy,Deuteronomy
book of ecclesiastes,Ecclesiastes
book of esther,Esther
book of exodus,Exodus
book of ezekiel,Ezekiel
book of ezra,Ezra
book of facts,reference book
book of genesis,Genesis
book of habakkuk,Habakkuk
book of haggai,Haggai
book of hosea,Hosea
book of instructions,instruction manual
book of isaiah,Isaiah
book of jeremiah,Jeremiah
book of job,Job
book of joel,Joel
book of jonah,Jonah
book of joshua,Joshua
book of judges,Judges
book of judith,Judith
book of lamentations,Lamentations
book of leviticus,Leviticus
book of malachi,Malachi
book of maps,atlas
book of micah,Micah
book of nahum,Nahum
book of nehemiah,Nehemiah
book of numbers,Numbers
book of obadiah,Obadiah
book of proverbs,Proverbs
book of psalms,Psalms
book of revelation,Revelation
book of ruth,Ruth
book of susanna,Susanna
book of the prophet daniel,Daniel
book of tobit,Tobit
book of zachariah,Zechariah
book of zephaniah,Zephaniah
book scorpion,Chelifer cancroides
book seller,bookdealer
bookdealer,book seller
booker,booking agent
booker t. washington,Washington
booker taliaferro washington,Washington
bookfair,book fair
bookie,bookmaker
booking,engagement
booking agent,booker
booking clerk,ticket agent
bookkeeping,clerking
booklet,brochure
booklouse,book louse
booklover,bibliophile
bookmaker,bookie
bookman,scholar
bookmark,bookmarker
bookmarker,bookmark
bookplate,ex libris
bookshop,bookstore
bookstall,bookshop
bookstore,bookshop
bookworm,pedant
boolean algebra,Boolean logic
boolean operation,binary operation
boom,roar
boom box,ghetto blaster
boomer,baby boomer
boomerang,throwing stick
boondocks,backwoods
boor,peasant
boorishness,uncouthness
boost,encouragement
booster,supporter
booster amplifier,booster
booster cable,jumper cable
booster dose,booster
booster rocket,booster
booster shot,booster
booster station,booster
booster unit,booster
boot,bang
boot maker,bootmaker
boot sale,car boot sale
bootblack,shoeblack
bootboys,skinheads
booted armillaria,Armillaria caligata
bootee,bootie
booth,cubicle
bootie,bootee
bootlegger,moonshiner
bootlicker,apple polisher
bootmaker,boot maker
booty,loot
booyong,red beech
booze,liquor
booze-up,carouse
boozer,alcoholic
boozing,drink
bop,Federal Bureau of Prisons
bopeep,peekaboo
boracic acid,boric acid
borage,tailwort
borage family,Boraginaceae
borago officinalis,borage
borassus flabellifer,palmyra
bordeaux wine,Bordeaux
bordello,whorehouse
border,boundary line
border district,borderland
borderland,border district
borderline schizophrenia,latent schizophrenia
bore,dullard
bore-hole,bore
bore bit,borer
boreas,north wind
borecole,kale
boredom,ennui
borer,bore bit
borgia,Calixtus III
boric acid,orthoboric acid
boringness,dreariness
boris fyodorovich godunov,Godunov
boris godunov,Godunov
boris karloff,Karloff
boris leonidovich pasternak,Pasternak
boris pasternak,Pasternak
boris spassky,Spassky
boris vasilevich spassky,Spassky
bornholm disease,epidemic pleurodynia
bornite,peacock ore
boron,B
borrower's card,library card
borrowing,adoption
borsch,borsh
borscht,borsch
borscht belt,borscht circuit
borscht circuit,borsht circuit
borsh,borsch
borshch,borsch
borsht,borsch
borsht belt,borscht circuit
borsht circuit,borscht circuit
bortsch,borsch
borzoi,Russian wolfhound
bos'n,boatswain
bos banteng,banteng
bos grunniens,yak
bos indicus,Brahman
bos primigenius,aurochs
bos taurus,cattle
boselaphus tragocamelus,nilgai
bosh,baloney
bosie,googly
bosie ball,googly
bosin's disease,subacute sclerosing panencephalitis
bosna i hercegovina,Bosnia and Herzegovina
bosnia-herzegovina,Bosnia and Herzegovina
bosom,embrace
bosom of abraham,Abraham's bosom
boston brown bread,brown bread
boston terrier,Boston bull
bosun,boatswain
bosun's chair,boatswain's chair
boswellia serrata,salai
botanical garden,arboretum
botanical medicine,phytotherapy
botanist,phytologist
botany,vegetation
botany bay fig,Port Jackson fig
botaurus lentiginosus,American bittern
botaurus stellaris,European bittern
botch,blunder
botcher,bungler
bother,fuss
botheration,irritation
bothrops atrops,fer-de-lance
botox,botulinum toxin A
botrychium lunaria,moonwort
botrychium matricariifolium,daisyleaf grape fern
botrychium multifidum,leathery grape fern
botrychium virginianum,rattlesnake fern
bottle,bottleful
bottle-grass,green bristlegrass
bottle-nosed dolphin,bottlenose dolphin
bottle-nosed whale,bottlenose whale
bottle-tree,bottle tree
bottle cork,cork
bottle gentian,closed gentian
bottle gourd,calabash
bottle grass,green bristlegrass
bottle screw,corkscrew
bottle tree,bottle-tree
bottlebrush buckeye,dwarf buckeye
bottled gas,liquefied petroleum gas
bottleful,bottle
bottleneck,constriction
bottlenose,bottlenose dolphin
bottlenose dolphin,bottle-nosed dolphin
bottlenose whale,bottle-nosed whale
bottom-dweller,bottom-feeder
bottom-feeder,bottom-dweller
bottom fish,groundfish
bottom of the inning,bottom
bottom quark,beauty quark
bottom rot fungus,Corticium solani
bottomland,bottom
botulin,botulinus toxin
botulinum,botulinus
botulinus,botulinum
botulinus toxin,botulin
botulismotoxin,botulin
bouchee,patty shell
bouffe,comic opera
bougainvillaea,genus Bougainvillea
bougainvillea glabra,paper flower
boulder,bowlder
boulder clay,till
boulder fern,hay-scented
boule,boulle
boulevard,avenue
boulle,boule
bounce,bounciness
bouncer,chucker-out
bounciness,bounce
bouncing bess,soapwort
bouncing bet,soapwort
bound form,bound morpheme
bound morpheme,bound form
boundary,bound
boundary line,border
bounded interval,closed interval
boundedness,finiteness
bounder,cad
boundlessness,infiniteness
bounds,boundary
bounteousness,bounty
bountifulness,amplitude
bounty,premium
bouquet,corsage
bourbon dynasty,Bourbon
bourdon,drone
bourgeoisie,middle class
bourguignon,bourguignon sauce
bourguignon sauce,bourguignon
bourn,bourne
bourne,bourn
bourtree,black elder
bout,turn
bouteloua eriopoda,black grama
bouteloua gracilis,blue grama
boutique,dress shop
boutonneuse fever,Marseilles fever
bouviers des flandres,Bouvier des Flandres
bovine spongiform encephalitis,BSE
bovril,beef tea
bow,bowknot
bow-tie,bow tie
bow-wow,pooch
bow leg,bow legs
bow legs,bow leg
bow tie,bow-tie
bow window,bay window
bow wood,osage orange
bowdlerisation,bowdlerization
bowdleriser,expurgator
bowdlerization,bowdlerisation
bowdlerizer,expurgator
bowed stringed instrument,string
bowel,intestine
bowel movement,movement
bowels,intestine
bower,arbor
bower actinidia,tara vine
bowerbird,catbird
bowfin,grindle
bowhead,bowhead whale
bowhead whale,bowhead
bowiea volubilis,climbing onion
bowknot,bow
bowl,trough
bowlder,boulder
bowler,bowler hat
bowler hat,bowler
bowlful,bowl
bowline,bowline knot
bowline knot,bowline
bowling alley,alley
bowling ball,bowl
bowling pin,pin
bowls,lawn bowling
bowman,archer
bowstring hemp,sansevieria
bowtie,bow tie
bowtie pasta,farfalle
box,loge
box beam,box girder
box camera,box Kodak
box elder,ash-leaved maple
box end wrench,box wrench
box family,Buxaceae
box girder,box beam
box huckleberry,Gaylussacia brachycera
box kodak,box camera
box number,post-office box number
box office,ticket office
box seat,box
box tortoise,box turtle
box turtle,box tortoise
box white oak,post oak
box wrench,box end wrench
boxberry,partridgeberry
boxcars,boxcar
boxer,pugilist
boxers,drawers
boxershorts,drawers
boxfish,trunkfish
boxful,box
boxing,pugilism
boxing glove,glove
boxing ring,prize ring
boxthorn,matrimony vine
boxwood,Turkish boxwood
boy,male child
boy orator of the platte,Bryan
boyfriend,fellow
boykinia elata,coast boykinia
boykinia occidentalis,coast boykinia
boys-and-girls,herb mercury
boysenberry,boysenberry bush
boysenberry bush,boysenberry
bozo,fathead
bph,benign prostatic hyperplasia
bpi,bits per inch
bpm,beats per minute
bps,bits per second
br,bromine
bra,brassiere
brace,couple
bracelet,watchband
bracelet wood,Jacquinia armillaris
bracer,armguard
braces,brace
brachial artery,arteria brachialis
brachial plexus,plexus brachialis
brachial vein,vena brachialis
brachiocephalic vein,innominate vein
brachycephalism,brachycephaly
brachycephaly,brachycephalism
brachychiton acerifolius,flame tree
brachychiton australis,flame tree
brachychiton populneus,kurrajong
brachychiton rupestris,Queensland bottletree
brachycome iberidifolia,Swan River daisy
brachydactylia,brachydactyly
brachydactyly,brachydactylia
brachystegia speciformis,msasa
bracken,Pteridium esculentum
bracket,angle bracket
bracket fungus,shelf fungus
bracketed blenny,gunnel
bracteole,bractlet
bractlet,bracteole
bradawl,pricker
bradley method,Bradley method of childbirth
bradypus tridactylus,three-toed sloth
brage,Bragi
braggadocio,bluster
bragger,braggart
brahman,brahmin
brahmaputra river,Brahmaputra
brahmin,brahman
brahminism,Brahmanism
braid,plait
braiding,braid
brain,encephalon
brain-fag,mental exhaustion
brain-stem,brainstem
brain-teaser,riddle
brain-worker,brainworker
brain death,cerebral death
brain disease,brain disorder
brain disorder,encephalopathy
brain doctor,neurologist
brain edema,cerebral edema
brain fever,cerebrospinal meningitis
brain mushroom,Gyromitra esculenta
brain stem,brainstem
brain sugar,galactose
brain surgeon,neurosurgeon
brain trust,kitchen cabinet
brain truster,backroom boy
brain tumor,brain tumour
brain tumour,brain tumor
brain wave,brainwave
braincase,cranium
brainchild,inspiration
brainiac,genius
brainpan,cranium
brainpower,brain
brainstem,brain-stem
brainstorm,insight
brainwave,brain wave
brainworker,brain-worker
brake,bracken
brake cylinder,hydraulic brake cylinder
brake drum,drum
brake light,stoplight
brake shoe,shoe
brake system,brakes
brakes,brake system
bram stoker,Stoker
brama raii,pomfret
brambling,Fringilla montifringilla
branch,subdivision
branch line,spur track
branched chain ketoaciduria,maple syrup urine disease
branchia,gill
branchial arch,gill arch
branchial cleft,gill slit
branchiopod crustacean,branchiopod
branchiostomidae,Amphioxidae
branchlet,twig
brand,trade name
brand-name drug,proprietary drug
brand name,trade name
branding,stigmatization
branding iron,iron
brandish,flourish
brandy glass,snifter
brandy nose,rhinophyma
brandy snifter,snifter
brant,brant goose
brant goose,brant
branta bernicla,common brant goose
branta canadensis,honker
branta leucopsis,barnacle goose
brasenia schreberi,water-shield
brash oak,post oak
brashness,flashiness
brasier,brazier
brasil,Brazil
brass,brass instrument
brass buttons,Cotula coronopifolia
brass instrument,brass
brass knuckles,brass knucks
brass knucks,knucks
brass section,brass
brassaia actinophylla,umbrella tree
brassia lawrenceana,spider orchid
brassia verrucosa,spider orchid
brassica hirta,white mustard
brassica juncea,chinese mustard
brassica kaber,field mustard
brassica napus,rape
brassica napus napobrassica,rutabaga
brassica nigra,black mustard
brassica oleracea,cabbage
brassica oleracea acephala,kale
brassica oleracea botrytis,cauliflower
brassica oleracea capitata,head cabbage
brassica oleracea gemmifera,brussels sprout
brassica oleracea gongylodes,kohlrabi
brassica oleracea italica,broccoli
brassica perviridis,tendergreen
brassica rapa,turnip
brassica rapa chinensis,bok choy
brassica rapa pekinensis,Chinese cabbage
brassica rapa perviridis,tendergreen
brassica rapa ruvo,broccoli raab
brassicaceae,Cruciferae
brassiere,bra
brat,terror
bratwurst,brat
bravado,bluster
bravais lattice,space lattice
braveness,courage
bravery,courage
bravo,assassin
brawl,bash
brawn,brawniness
brawniness,brawn
braxton bragg,Bragg
brazenness,shamelessness
brazier,brasier
brazil-nut tree,brazil nut
brazil nut,brazil-nut tree
brazilian capital,Brasilia
brazilian ironwood,Caesalpinia ferrea
brazilian potato tree,potato tree
brazilwood,peachwood
brazos river,Brazos
breach,rupture
breach of the peace,disorderly conduct
bread,breadstuff
bread-and-butter issue,pocketbook issue
bread-bin,breadbox
bread-stick,breadstick
bread and butter,support
bread board,breadboard
bread line,breadline
bread maker,baker
bread mold,Rhizopus nigricans
breadbasket,stomach
breadboard,bread board
breadbox,bread-bin
breadfruit,breadfruit tree
breadfruit tree,breadfruit
breadline,bread line
breadroot,Indian breadroot
breadstick,bread-stick
breadstuff,bread
breadth,comprehensiveness
breadth index,cephalic index
break,interruption
break-axe,breakax
break-in,housebreaking
break dance,break dancing
break dancing,break dance
break of day,dawn
break of serve,break
break of the day,dawn
breakability,fragility
breakage,break
breakax,breakaxe
breakaxe,breakax
breakbone fever,dengue
breakdown,dislocation
breaker,ledgeman
breaker point,distributor point
breakers,surf
breakfast area,breakfast nook
breakfast nook,breakfast area
breaking,breakage
breaking and entering,housebreaking
breaking away,breakaway
breaking ball,curve
breaking off,abruption
breaking wind,fart
breakout,break
breakstone,saxifrage
breakthrough,discovery
breakup,dissolution
breakwater,groin
bream,freshwater bream
breast,chest
breast feeding,nursing
breast of lamb,poitrine d'agneau
breastbone,sternum
breastpin,brooch
breastplate,aegis
breastwork,parapet
breath,breather
breathalyser,breathalyzer
breathalyzer,breathalyser
breather,breath
breathing apparatus,breathing device
breathing device,breathing apparatus
breathing in,inhalation
breathing machine,breathing device
breathing out,exhalation
breathing place,breath
breathing room,breathing space
breathing space,breath
breathing spell,breath
breathing time,breath
breathlessness,shortness of breath
breech,rear of barrel
breech birth,breech delivery
breech closer,breechblock
breech delivery,breech birth
breech presentation,breech delivery
breechblock,breech closer
breechcloth,breechclout
breechclout,breechcloth
breeches,knee breeches
breed,strain
breeder,stock breeder
breeze,zephyr
breeze block,cinder block
breeziness,windiness
breiz,Bretagne
bren gun,Bren
brent,brant
brent goose,brant
breslau,Wroclaw
bret harte,Harte
brethren,brother
breughel,Brueghel
breughel the elder,Brueghel
brevibloc,esmolol
brevicipitidae,Microhylidae
brevity,briefness
brevoortia tyrannis,menhaden
brew,brewage
brewage,brew
brewer,beer maker
brewer's mole,hair-tailed mole
brewer's mountain heather,purple heather
brewer's spruce,weeping spruce
brewer's yeast,baker's yeast
briar,sweetbrier
briar pipe,briar
briarwood,brierwood
bribe,payoff
briber,suborner
bribery,graft
bric-a-brac,knickknack
brick trowel,mason's trowel
brickfield,brickyard
brickyard,brickfield
bricole,catapult
bridal-wreath,bridal wreath
bridal gown,wedding gown
bridal wreath,bridal-wreath
bride,Bridget
bride's bonnet,queen's cup
bride-to-be,fiancee
bridecake,wedding cake
bridegroom,groom
bridesmaid,maid of honor
bridge,span
bridge circuit,bridge
bridge deck,bridge
bridge player,hand
bridgehead,foothold
bridgework,bridge
bridle,check
bridle path,bridle road
bridle road,bridle path
briefness,brevity
briefs,Jockey shorts
brier,brierpatch
brier-wood,briarwood
brier patch,brier
brierpatch,brier
brierwood,briarwood
brigadier,brigadier general
brigadier general,brigadier
brigand,bandit
brigantine,hermaphrodite brig
brigate rosse,Red Brigades
brigham young,Young
bright's disease,nephritis
bright side,silver lining
brightness,cleverness
brightness level,luminosity
brigid,Bridget
brigit nilsson,Nilsson
brill,Scophthalmus rhombus
brilliance,glare
brilliancy,luster
brim,rim
brimstone,native sulfur
brine,seawater
brine shrimp,Artemia salina
bringing,delivery
bringing close together,approximation
bringing up,breeding
brininess,salinity
brinjal,eggplant
brink,threshold
brio,animation
briony,bryony
briquet,briquette
briquette,briquet
bris,Berith
brisbane quandong,quandong
briskness,alacrity
brisling,sprat
briss,Berith
bristle fern,filmy fern
bristle grass,bristlegrass
bristlecone fir,Santa Lucia fir
bristlecone pine,Rocky Mountain bristlecone pine
bristlegrass,bristle grass
bristliness,prickliness
bristly locust,rose acacia
bristly oxtongue,oxtongue
bristly sarsaparilla,bristly sarsparilla
bristly sarsparilla,bristly sarsaparilla
brit,Britisher
britain,United Kingdom
brith,Berith
briticism,Anglicism
british capital,London
british guiana,Guyana
british honduras,Belize
british house of commons,House of Commons
british house of lords,House of Lords
british people,British
british pound sterling,British pound
british system,British Imperial System
britishism,Anglicism
brits,British
britt,brit
brittanic,Brythonic
brittany,Bretagne
brittle-star,brittle star
brittle bladder fern,brittle fern
brittle bush,brittlebush
brittle fern,brittle bladder fern
brittle maidenhair,brittle maidenhair fern
brittle maidenhair fern,brittle maidenhair
brittle star,brittle-star
brittle willow,crack willow
brittlebush,brittle bush
brittleness,crispness
broach,brooch
broad-bean,broad bean
broad-bean plant,broad bean
broad-leaved bottletree,flame tree
broad-leaved dock,bitter dock
broad-leaved everlasting pea,perennial pea
broad-leaved montia,Montia cordifolia
broad-leaved plantain,rugel's plantain
broad-leaved twayblade,Listera convallarioides
broad bean,fava bean
broad beech fern,southern beech fern
broad buckler-fern,Dryopteris dilatata
broad interpretation,judicial activism
broad jump,long jump
broad leaved goldenrod,zigzag goldenrod
broadax,broadaxe
broadaxe,broadax
broadbill,boatbill
broadcast,program
broadcast medium,broadcasting
broadcast station,broadcasting station
broadcaster,spreader
broadcasting,broadcast medium
broadcasting station,broadcast station
broadening,widening
broadness,wideness
broadsheet,circular
broadtail,caracul
broca's aphasia,motor aphasia
broca's center,Broca's area
broca's convolution,Broca's area
broca's gyrus,Broca's area
brocadopa,L-dopa
broccoli,Brassica oleracea italica
broccoli raab,broccoli rabe
broccoli rabe,broccoli raab
brochure,booklet
brodiaea elegans,elegant brodiaea
brodmann's area 17,striate cortex
brogan,brogue
brogue,brogan
broil,broiling
broiling,broil
broken wind,heaves
brokenheartedness,grief
broker,agent
brokerage,brokerage firm
brokerage firm,brokerage
brokerage house,brokerage
brolly,gamp
bromberg,Bydgoszcz
brome,bromegrass
bromegrass,brome
bromeosin,eosin
bromide,platitude
bromine,Br
bromoform,tribromomethane
bromophenol blue,bromphenol blue
bromothymol blue,bromthymol blue
brompheniramine maleate,Dimetane
bromphenol blue,bromophenol blue
brompton stock,Matthiola incana
bromthymol blue,bromothymol blue
bromus arvensis,field brome
bromus inermis,awnless bromegrass
bromus japonicus,Japanese brome
bromus secalinus,chess
bromus tectorum,downy brome
bronc,bronco
bronchial asthma,asthma
bronchial pneumonia,bronchopneumonia
bronchial tube,bronchus
bronchial vein,vena bronchialis
broncho,bronco
bronchopneumonia,bronchial pneumonia
bronchoscopic smear,lower respiratory tract smear
bronchus,bronchial tube
bronco,bronc
bronco buster,buster
broncobuster,buster
bronislaw kasper malinowski,Malinowski
bronislaw malinowski,Malinowski
brontosaur,apatosaur
brontosaurus,apatosaur
bronx cheer,boo
bronze star,Bronze Star Medal
bronzed diabetes,hemochromatosis
brooch,broach
brood hen,broody
brooder,incubator
brooder pneumonia,aspergillosis
broodmare,stud mare
broody hen,brood hen
brook,creek
brook thistle,Cirsium rivulare
brook trout,speckled trout
brooklime,European brooklime
brookweed,Samolus parviflorus
broom,heather
broom-weed,broomweed
broom beard grass,prairie grass
broom handle,broomstick
broom palm,thatch palm
broom sedge,Andropogon virginicus
broom snakeroot,rabbitweed
broom snakeweed,rabbitweed
broom tree,needle furze
broomcorn,Sorghum vulgare technicum
broomcorn millet,hog millet
broomrape family,Orobanchaceae
broomstick,broom handle
broomweed,broom-weed
brosme brosme,cusk
broth,stock
broth of a boy,broth of a man
broth of a man,broth of a boy
brothel,whorehouse
brothel keeper,madam
brother,blood brother
brotherhood,fraternity
brotherly love,charity
brouhaha,hubbub
broussonetia papyrifera,paper mulberry
brow,forehead
browallia,bush violet
brown-tail moth,browntail
brown ash,black ash
brown bear,bruin
brown bells,Fritillaria micrantha
brown bent,velvet bent
brown bread,dark bread
brown butter,beurre noisette
brown coal,lignite
brown creeper,American creeper
brown hickory,pignut
brown hyena,strand wolf
brown lacewing,hemerobiid
brown lemming,Lemmus trimucronatus
brown oak,red beech
brown onion sauce,Lyonnaise sauce
brown pine,Rockingham podocarp
brown rat,Norway rat
brown root rot fungus,Thielavia basicola
brown rot gummosis,gummosis
brown sauce,Chinese brown sauce
brown snail,Helix aspersa
brown soft scale,Coccus hesperidum
brown thrasher,brown thrush
brown thrush,brown thrasher
brown trout,salmon trout
brownian motion,Brownian movement
brownness,brown
brownout,blackout
browntail,brown-tail moth
browse,browsing
browser,web browser
browsing,browse
bruce lee,Lee
brucellosis,undulant fever
bruchus pisorum,pea weevil
bruckenthalia spiculifolia,spike heath
bruegel,Brueghel
brugmansia arborea,angel's trumpet
brugmansia sanguinea,red angel's trumpet
brugmansia suaveolens,angel's trumpet
bruin,brown bear
bruise,contusion
bruiser,bull
brummy,Brummie
brunfelsia americana,lady-of-the-night
brunn,Brno
brunnhilde,Brunhild
bruno,Leo IX
bruno of toul,Leo IX
bruno walter,Walter
brusa,Bursa
brush,brushwood
brush-footed butterfly,nymphalid
brush-tail porcupine,brush-tailed porcupine
brush-tailed phalanger,Trichosurus vulpecula
brush-tailed porcupine,brush-tail porcupine
brush kangaroo,wallaby
brush turkey,Alectura lathami
brush wolf,coyote
brushing,brush
brushup,review
brushwood,brush
brusqueness,abruptness
brussels,Bruxelles
brussels biscuit,zwieback
brussels griffon,griffon
brussels sprout,Brassica oleracea gemmifera
brussels sprouts,brussels sprout
brutalisation,brutalization
brutality,ferociousness
brutalization,brutalisation
brya ebenus,granadilla tree
bryan donkin,Donkin
bryanthus taxifolius,mountain heath
brynhild,Brunhild
bryonia alba,white bryony
bryonia dioica,red bryony
bryony,briony
bryophyte,nonvascular plant
bryozoan,polyzoan
bs,Bachelor of Science
bsarch,Bachelor of Science in Architecture
bse,bovine spongiform encephalitis
btu,British thermal unit
bubalus bubalis,water buffalo
bubalus mindorensis,tamarau
bubble,house of cards
bubble-jet printer,bubble jet printer
bubble jet printer,bubble-jet printer
bubble pack,blister pack
bubblejet,bubble jet printer
bubbler,drinking fountain
bubbliness,effervescence
bubo virginianus,great horned owl
bubonic plague,pestis bubonica
bubulcus ibis,cattle egret
buccal artery,arteria buccalis
buccaneer,pirate
buccaneering,piracy
buccinator muscle,cheek muscle
buccula,double chin
bucephala islandica,Barrow's goldeneye
bucephela albeola,bufflehead
bucephela clangula,goldeneye
bucharesti,Bucharest
buchloe dactyloides,buffalo grass
buck,vaulting horse
buck's fizz,mimosa
buck private,private
buckaroo,vaquero
buckbean,water shamrock
buckbean family,Menyanthaceae
buckeroo,vaquero
bucket,pail
bucketful,bucket
buckeye,horse chestnut
buckeye state,Ohio
buckle,warp
buckler,shield
buckler fern,shield fern
buckler mustard,Biscutalla laevigata
buckleya,Buckleya distichophylla
buckleya distichophylla,buckleya
buckminster fuller,Fuller
buckminsterfullerene,buckyball
buckshot,bird shot
buckskins,buckskin
buckthorn,English plantain
buckthorn berry,yellow berry
buckthorn family,Rhamnaceae
buckwheat,Polygonum fagopyrum
buckwheat family,Polygonaceae
buckwheat tree,titi
buckyball,buckminsterfullerene
bucuresti,Bucharest
bud brush,bud sagebrush
bud sagebrush,bud brush
buddleia,butterfly bush
buddy,brother
buddy holly,Holly
budgereegah,budgerigar
budgerigar,budgereegah
budgerygah,budgerigar
budget items,operating expense
budgie,budgerigar
budorcas taxicolor,takin
buffalo,American bison
buffalo bill,Cody
buffalo bill's wild west show,Wild West Show
buffalo bill cody,Cody
buffalo bur,Solanum rostratum
buffalo carpet beetle,Anthrenus scrophulariae
buffalo chip,chip
buffalo clover,bluebonnet
buffalo fish,buffalofish
buffalo gnat,blackfly
buffalo gourd,prairie gourd
buffalo grass,St. Augustine grass
buffalo indian,Plains Indian
buffalo nut,elk nut
buffalofish,buffalo fish
buffel grass,Cenchrus ciliaris
buffer,buffer zone
buffer country,buffer state
buffer state,buffer country
buffer storage,buffer
buffer store,buffer
buffer zone,buffer
buffered aspirin,Bufferin
bufferin,buffered aspirin
buffet,counter
buffet car,dining car
buffeting,pounding
bufflehead,butterball
buffoon,clown
buffoonery,clowning
bufo americanus,American toad
bufo boreas,western toad
bufo bufo,European toad
bufo calamita,natterjack
bufo canorus,Yosemite toad
bufo debilis,American green toad
bufo marinus,agua
bufo microscaphus,southwestern toad
bufo speciosus,Texas toad
bufo viridis,Eurasian green toad
bug,glitch
bug-hunter,entomologist
bugaboo,bogeyman
bugbane,white hellebore
bugbear,bogeyman
bugger,sodomite
bugger all,fuck all
buggery,sodomy
bugle,bugleweed
bugleweed,Lycopus virginicus
bugloss,alkanet
bugologist,entomologist
bugology,entomology
buhl,boulle
build,physique
builder,detergent builder
building,edifice
building block,unit
building complex,complex
building department,plant department
building site,vacant lot
building supply house,building supply store
building supply store,building supply house
built-soap powder,soap powder
built in bed,berth
bulb,light bulb
bulbar conjunctiva,conjunctival layer of bulb
bulbil,bulblet
bulblet,bulbil
bulblet bladder fern,bulblet fern
bulblet fern,bulblet bladder fern
bulbourethral gland,Cowper's gland
bulgarian capital,Sofia
bulge,bump
bulghur,bulgur
bulginess,roundedness
bulgur,bulghur
bulgur wheat,bulgur
bulima nervosa,bulimarexia
bulimarexia,binge-purge syndrome
bulimia,binge-eating syndrome
bulk,majority
bulkiness,massiveness
bull,bruiser
bull's-eye,dark lantern
bull's eye,bull
bull-snake,bull snake
bull bay,southern magnolia
bull fiddle,bass fiddle
bull moose party,Progressive Party
bull nettle,horse nettle
bull pine,ponderosa
bull shark,cub shark
bull snake,bull-snake
bull terrier,bullterrier
bull thistle,boar thistle
bulla,blister
bullace,Prunus insititia
bullace grape,muscadine
bullbat,nighthawk
bullbrier,greenbrier
bulldog,English bulldog
bulldog clip,alligator clip
bulldozer,dozer
bullet,slug
bullet fingerprinting,ballistic identification
bullet train,bullet
bulletin board,bulletin board system
bulletin board system,bulletin board
bullfight,corrida
bullfighter,toreador
bullfighting,tauromachy
bullfrog,Rana catesbeiana
bullhead,bullhead catfish
bullhead catfish,bullhead
bullheadedness,stubbornness
bullhorn,loud hailer
bullnose,bullnosed plane
bullnosed plane,bullnose
bullock,steer
bullock's heart,bullock's heart tree
bullock's heart tree,bullock's heart
bullock block,bollock
bullock heart,bullock's heart
bullpen,detention cell
bullrush,cat's-tail
bullshit,bull
bullterrier,bull terrier
bully beef,corned beef
bully tree,balata
bulnesia sarmienti,palo santo
bulrush,cat's-tail
bulrush millet,pearl millet
bulwark,rampart
bulwer-lytton,Lytton
bumblebee,humblebee
bumbler,bungler
bumelia lanuginosa,false buckthorn
bumelia lycioides,southern buckthorn
bumf,bumph
bump,bulge
bumper car,Dodgem
bumph,bumf
bumpkin,yokel
bumptiousness,cockiness
bun,roll
bun-fight,bunfight
buna,buna rubber
buna rubber,buna
bunce,boom
bunch,clump
bunch grass,bunchgrass
bunchberry,dwarf cornel
bunchgrass,bunch grass
bunco,bunco game
bunco game,bunco
buncombe,bunk
bundle,package
bundle of his,atrioventricular bundle
bunfight,bun-fight
bung,spile
bungalow,cottage
bungarus fasciatus,banded krait
bungee,bungee cord
bungee cord,bungee
bunghole,arse
bungle,blunder
bungler,blunderer
bunji-bunji,Flindersia schottiana
bunk,feed bunk
bunk bed,bunk
bunker,sand trap
bunko,bunco
bunko game,bunco
bunkum,bunk
bunny,bunny girl
bunny girl,bunny
bunny rabbit,bunny
buns,buttocks
bunsen burner,bunsen
bunt,stinking smut
bunya bunya,bunya bunya tree
bunya bunya tree,bunya bunya
buoyancy,perkiness
buphthalmum salicifolium,woodland oxeye
bur,burr
bur-reed family,Sparganiaceae
bur grass,burgrass
bur marigold,burr marigold
bur oak,burr oak
burbot,eelpout
burchell's zebra,common zebra
burden,load
burdensomeness,heaviness
burdock,clotbur
bureau,agency
bureaucracy,bureaucratism
bureaucrat,administrative official
bureaucratic procedure,red tape
bureaucratism,bureaucracy
buret,burette
burette,buret
burgher,burgess
burgoo,oatmeal
burgrass,bur grass
burgundy,Bourgogne
burgundy sauce,bourguignon
burgundy wine,Burgundy
burhinus oedicnemus,stone curlew
burial,entombment
burial chamber,sepulcher
burial ground,cemetery
burial mound,grave mound
burial site,cemetery
burial vault,vault
burka,burqa
burl,slub
burlap,gunny
burlap bag,gunnysack
burma,Myanmar
burmeisteria retusa,greater pichiciego
burmese-yi,Lolo-Burmese
burmese rosewood,Burma padauk
burn,burning
burn mark,burn
burn plant,Aloe vera
burnability,combustibility
burnet bloodwort,salad burnet
burning at the stake,burning
burning bush,wahoo
burnish,polish
burnoose,burnous
burnous,burnoose
burnouse,burnous
burnt lime,calcium oxide
burnt sienna,reddish brown
burnt umber,chocolate
burp,belch
burp gun,machine pistol
burping,belch
burqa,burka
burr,bur
burr drill,dentist's drill
burr marigold,bur marigold
burr oak,bur oak
burrawong,Macrozamia communis
burrhus frederic skinner,Skinner
burrill bernard crohn,Crohn
burro deer,mule deer
burrow,tunnel
bursa omentalis,omental bursa
bursera microphylla,elephant tree
bursera simaruba,gumbo-limbo
burst,explosion
burster,charge
bursting charge,charge
bursting explosive,disrupting explosive
burunduki,baronduki
burweed marsh elder,false ragweed
burying,burial
burying ground,cemetery
bus,autobus
bus company,bus service
bus depot,bus terminal
bus driver,busman
bus fare,carfare
bus service,bus company
bus station,bus terminal
bus terminal,bus depot
bus topology,bus
busbar,bus
busboy,waiter's assistant
busby,bearskin
bush baby,galago
bush clover,lespedeza
bush hibiscus,Radyera farragei
bush honeysuckle,Tartarian honeysuckle
bush lawyer,lawyerbush
bush league,minor league
bush leaguer,minor leaguer
bush nasturtium,Tropaeolum minus
bush poppy,tree poppy
bush tit,bushtit
bush vetch,Vicia sepium
bush violet,browallia
bush willow,Combretum erythrophyllum
bushbaby,galago
bushbuck,guib
bushing,cylindrical lining
bushman's poison,ordeal tree
bushtit,bush tit
bushwhacker,hillbilly
bushy aster,Aster dumosus
bushytail woodrat,packrat
business,concern
business activity,commercial activity
business community,businessmen
business concern,business
business cycle,trade cycle
business data processing,administrative data processing
business deal,deal
business district,downtown
business enterprise,commercial enterprise
business establishment,place of business
business executive,corporate executive
business expense,trade expense
business firm,firm
business leader,baron
business life,professional life
business line,line
business loan,commercial loan
business office,office
business organisation,business
business organization,business
business people,businesspeople
business relationship,account
business sector,business
businessman,man of affairs
businessmen,business community
businesspeople,business people
businessperson,bourgeois
buskin,combat boot
busman,bus driver
buspar,buspirone
buspirone,BuSpar
buss,kiss
bustard quail,button quail
buster,fellow
buster keaton,Keaton
bustle,hustle
busy bee,eager beaver
busybody,nosy-parker
busyness,hum
busywork,make-work
butacaine,butacaine sulfate
butacaine sulfate,butacaine
butanoic acid,butyric acid
butanol,butyl alcohol
butanone,methyl ethyl ketone
butat,butut
butazolidin,phenylbutazone
butcher,meatman
butcher's broom,Ruscus aculeatus
butcher block,butcher board
butcher board,butcher block
butcher cumberland,Cumberland
butcher shop,meat market
butchering,butchery
butchery,abattoir
butea frondosa,dhak
butea gum,gum butea
butea kino,gum butea
butea monosperma,dhak
butene,butylene
buteo buteo,buzzard
buteo jamaicensis,redtail
buteo lagopus,rough-legged hawk
buteo lineatus,red-shouldered hawk
butler,pantryman
butt,butt end
butt-weld,butt weld
butt-welding,butt welding
butt end,butt
butt joint,butt
butt pack,fanny pack
butt weld,butt-weld
butt welding,butt-welding
butter-and-eggs,toadflax
butter-bean plant,sieva bean
butter-flower,buttercup
butter-print,velvetleaf
butter bean,sieva bean
butter churn,churn
butter daisy,cowpen daisy
butterball,fatso
butterbean,sieva bean
butterbur,bog rhubarb
buttercup,butterflower
buttercup family,Ranunculaceae
butterfish,stromateid fish
butterflower,buttercup
butterfly,butterfly stroke
butterfly bush,buddleia
butterfly collector,lepidopterist
butterfly flower,poor man's orchid
butterfly nut,wing nut
butterfly orchid,oncidium
butterfly orchis,butterfly orchid
butterfly pea,blue pea
butterfly plant,Phalaenopsis amabilis
butterfly stroke,butterfly
butterfly weed,orange milkweed
butterflyfish,flying gurnard
buttermilk biscuit,soda biscuit
butternut,butternut tree
butternut squash,Cucurbita maxima
butternut tree,butternut
butterweed,ragwort
buttock,cheek
buttocks,nates
button,push button
button-quail,button quail
button fern,Pellaea rotundifolia
button hole,buttonhole
button mangrove,button tree
button pink,Dianthus latifolius
button quail,button-quail
button snakeroot,rattlesnake master
button tree,button mangrove
buttonhole,button hole
buttonwood,American sycamore
buttress,buttressing
buttressing,buttress
butut,butat
butyl alcohol,butanol
butyl nitrite,isobutyl nitrite
butylene,butene
butyric acid,butanoic acid
buxus sempervirens,common box
buy,bargain
buyback,redemption
buyer,purchaser
buyer's market,buyers' market
buyers' market,buyer's market
buyi,Bouyei
buying,purchasing
buzz,bombilation
buzz bomb,robot bomb
buzz saw,circular saw
buzzard,turkey buzzard
buzzer,doorbell
buzzword,cant
bvd's,BVD
bw,biological warfare
bw defence,biological warfare defense
bw defense,biological warfare defense
bwr,boiling water reactor
by-blow,bastard
by-catch,bycatch
by-election,bye-election
by-line,credit line
by-product,byproduct
bycatch,by-catch
bye,pass
bye-bye,adieu
bye-election,by-election
byelarus,Belarus
byelorussia,Belarus
byname,nickname
bypass,beltway
bypass capacitor,bypass condenser
bypass condenser,bypass capacitor
bypath,byway
byplay,business
byproduct,by-product
byre,cowbarn
byrnie,hauberk
byroad,byway
byssus,beard
byway,bypath
byword,proverb
byzant,bezant
byzantine church,Eastern Church
byzantine greek,Medieval Greek
byzantinism,Erastianism
c-note,hundred dollar bill
c-section,cesarean delivery
c. d. gibson,Gibson
c. diphtheriae,Corynebacterium diphtheriae
c. h. best,Best
c. k. ogden,Ogden
c. northcote parkinson,Parkinson
c. p. snow,Snow
c. psittaci,Chlamydia psittaci
c. s. forester,Forester
c. s. lewis,Lewis
c. trachomatis,Chlamydia trachomatis
c. vann woodward,Woodward
c. w. post,Post
c.p.u.,central processing unit
c2h6,ethane
c and w,country music
c horizon,C-horizon
c major scale,C major
ca,calcium
caaba,Kaaba
cab,cabriolet
cab fare,taxi fare
cabal,faction
cabala,cabbala
cabalism,Kabbalism
cabalist,kabbalist
cabaret,nightclub
cabasset,morion
cabassous,tatouay
cabassous unicinctus,tatouay
cabbage,chou
cabbage-bark tree,cabbage bark
cabbage bark,cabbage-bark tree
cabbage palm,cabbage palmetto
cabbage palmetto,cabbage palm
cabbage tree,cabbage palm
cabbageworm,Pieris rapae
cabbala,cabala
cabbalah,cabala
cabby,taxidriver
cabdriver,taxidriver
cabernet sauvignon,Cabernet
cabg,coronary bypass
cabin car,caboose
cabin class,second class
cabin cruiser,cruiser
cabinet,locker
cabinetmaker,furniture maker
cabinetmaking,joinery
cabinetry,cabinetwork
cabinetwork,cabinetry
cable,cablegram
cable's length,cable
cable car,car
cable length,cable
cable railway,funicular
cable system,cable
cable television,cable
cable television service,cable
cable tramway,tramway
cablegram,cable
cabman,taxidriver
cabomba caroliniana,water-shield
caboodle,bunch
caboose,galley
cabriolet,cab
cabstand,taxistand
cacalia javanica,tassel flower
cacalia lutea,tassel flower
cacao,cacao tree
cacao bean,cocoa bean
cacao moth,tobacco moth
cacao tree,cacao
cacatua,Kakatoe
cacatua galerita,sulphur-crested cockatoo
cachalot,sperm whale
cache,hoard
cachet,seal
cachexia,cachexy
cachexy,cachexia
cacique,cazique
cackle,yak
cackler,babbler
cacodaemon,cacodemon
cacodemon,cacodaemon
cacodyl,tetramethyldiarsine
cacodyl group,cacodyl
cacodyl radical,cacodyl
cacoethes,mania
cacogenics,dysgenics
cacography,scribble
cacomistle,bassarisk
cacomixle,bassarisk
cacophony,blare
cactus euphorbia,naboom
cactus family,Cactaceae
cactus mouse,Peromyscus eremicus
cad,bounder
cadaster,cadastre
cadastre,cadaster
cadaver,corpse
caddice-fly,caddis fly
caddice fly,caddis fly
caddie,golf caddie
caddis-fly,caddis fly
caddis fly,caddis-fly
caddisworm,strawworm
caddoan,Caddo
caddoan language,Caddo
caddy,tea caddy
cadence,meter
cadency,cadence
cadet,plebe
cadger,moocher
cadmium,Cd
cadmium cell,Weston cell
cadmium sulphide,greenockite
cadra cautella,almond moth
cadra figulilella,raisin moth
cadre,cell
caeciliadae,Caeciliidae
caecum,cecum
caenogenesis,cenogenesis
caesalpinia bonduc,bonduc
caesalpinia bonducella,bonduc
caesalpinia coriaria,divi-divi
caesalpinia decapetala,Mysore thorn
caesalpinia echinata,brazilwood
caesalpinia ferrea,brazilian ironwood
caesalpinia gilliesii,bird of paradise
caesalpinia pulcherrima,pride of barbados
caesalpinia sepiaria,Mysore thorn
caesar's agaric,royal agaric
caesarean delivery,cesarean delivery
caesarean section,cesarean delivery
caesarian delivery,cesarean delivery
caesarian section,cesarean delivery
caesarism,dictatorship
caesaropapism,Erastianism
caesium,cesium
cafe,coffeehouse
cafe noir,demitasse
cafe royale,coffee royal
caffe latte,latte
caffein,caffeine
caffein addict,caffeine addict
caffeine,caffein
caffeine addict,caffein addict
caffeine intoxication,caffeinism
caffeinism,caffeine intoxication
caffer,kaffir
caffer cat,kaffir cat
caffre,kaffir
caftan,kaftan
cage,coop
cager,basketball player
caiman,cayman
caiman sclerops,spectacled caiman
caimitillo,satinleaf
caimito,star apple
cainogenesis,cenogenesis
cairina moschata,muscovy duck
cairn,cairn terrier
cairn terrier,cairn
cairngorm,smoky quartz
caisson,coffer
caisson disease,decompression sickness
caitra,Chait
cajan pea,pigeon pea
cajanus cajan,pigeon pea
cajolery,blandishment
cake,bar
cakehole,trap
cakile maritima,sea-rocket
calaba,Santa Maria tree
calabar-bean vine,Physostigma venenosum
calabar bean,ordeal bean
calabash,calabash tree
calabash pipe,calabash
calabash tree,calabash
calabazilla,prairie gourd
calabur tree,Jamaican cherry
calabura,Jamaican cherry
caladenia cairnsiana,zebra orchid
calamagrostic quadriseta,Australian reed grass
calamagrostis acutiflora,feather reed grass
calamari,squid
calamary,squid
calamine,hemimorphite
calamintha grandiflora,large-flowered calamint
calamintha nepeta,lesser calamint
calamintha nepeta glantulosa,lesser calamint
calamintha sylvatica,common calamint
calamity,catastrophe
calamity jane,Burk
calamus,sweet flag
calamus australis,lawyer cane
calamus penna,sheepshead porgy
calamus rotang,rattan
calan,verapamil
calandrinia ciliata,red maids
calapooya,Kalapooia
calapuya,Kalapooia
calash,caleche
calash top,calash
calathian violet,marsh gentian
calc-tufa,tufa
calcaneus,heelbone
calcarine fissure,calcarine sulcus
calcarine sulcus,calcarine fissure
calcedony,chalcedony
calceolaria,slipperwort
calciferol,vitamin D
calcined lime,calcium oxide
calcitonin,thyrocalcitonin
calcium,Ca
calcium-channel blocker,calcium blocker
calcium-cyanamide,cyanamide
calcium blocker,calcium-channel blocker
calcium hydrate,calcium hydroxide
calcium hydride,hydrolith
calcium hydroxide,lime
calcium ion,factor IV
calcium light,limelight
calcium octadecanoate,calcium stearate
calcium oxide,quicklime
calcium stearate,calcium octadecanoate
calcium sulfate,calcium sulphate
calcium sulphate,calcium sulfate
calculating machine,calculator
calculation,computation
calculator,reckoner
calculus,concretion
calcutta,Kolkata
calderon de la barca,Calderon
caldron,cauldron
calean,hookah
caleche,calash
calefaction,incalescence
calendar day,civil day
calendar method,rhythm method of birth control
calendar method of birth control,rhythm method of birth control
calendar month,month
calendar week,week
calendar year,civil year
calendula officinalis,common marigold
caley pea,singletary pea
calf,sura
calf's liver,calves' liver
calf bone,fibula
calf love,puppy love
calfskin,calf
caliber,quality
calibration,standardization
calibre,quality
caliche,hardpan
calico aster,starved aster
calico bush,mountain laurel
calico cat,tortoiseshell
calico crab,American lady crab
caliculus,calyculus
calidris canutus,knot
calidris ferruginea,curlew sandpiper
calidris melanotos,pectoral sandpiper
calif,caliph
calif.,California
california allspice,spicebush
california bay tree,California laurel
california beauty,flannelbush
california buckthorn,coffeeberry
california buckwheat,wild buckwheat
california coffee,coffeeberry
california dandelion,cat's-ear
california false morel,Gyromitra californica
california fern,hemlock
california live oak,coast live oak
california olive,California laurel
california pompano,palometa
california redbud,western redbud
california romero,black sage
california sage,California sagebrush
california tree poppy,matilija poppy
california white fir,white fir
california yellow bells,yellow bells
california yew,Pacific yew
californium,Cf
caliper,calliper
caliph,calif
caliphate state,Kaplan Group
calisaya,Cinchona officinalis
calisthenics,callisthenics
calk,calkin
calkin,calk
call,phone call
call box,telephone booth
call center,call centre
call centre,call center
call loan,demand loan
call mark,call number
call number,call mark
call option,call
calla,calla lily
calla lily,calla
calla palustris,wild calla
callathump,callithump
callback,recall
caller-out,caller
caller-up,caller
calligrapher,calligraphist
calligraphist,calligrapher
calligraphy,penmanship
callimorpha jacobeae,cinnabar
callinectes sapidus,blue crab
calling,career
calling card,phone card
calling into question,demand for explanation
calling together,convocation
calliopsis,Coreopsis tinctoria
calliper,caliper
calliphora vicina,bluebottle
callirhoe digitata,fringed poppy mallow
callirhoe involucrata,purple poppy mallow
callirhoe triangulata,clustered poppy mallow
callisaurus draconoides,zebra-tailed lizard
callistephus chinensis,China aster
callisthenics,calisthenics
callithump,callathump
callithump parade,callithump
callitris calcarata,black cypress pine
callitris cupressiformis,Port Jackson pine
callitris endlicheri,black cypress pine
callitris glauca,white cypress pine
callitris glaucophylla,white cypress pine
callitris parlatorei,stringybark pine
callitris quadrivalvis,sandarac
callophis,Calliophis
callorhinus ursinus,Alaska fur seal
callosectomy,callosotomy
callosity,callus
callosotomy,callosectomy
callousness,unfeelingness
callowness,jejuneness
calluna vulgaris,heather
callus,callosity
calm air,calm
calming,appeasement
calmness,composure
calnada pea,tufted vetch
calocarpum zapota,marmalade tree
calocedrus decurrens,incense cedar
calochortus albus,white globe lily
calochortus amabilis,yellow globe lily
calochortus amoenus,rose globe lily
calochortus elegans,star tulip
calochortus kennedyi,desert mariposa tulip
calochortus luteus,yellow mariposa tulip
calochortus macrocarpus,sagebrush mariposa tulip
calochortus nuttallii,sego lily
calomel,mercurous chloride
caloosahatchee river,Caloosahatchee
calophyllum calaba,calaba
calophyllum candidissimum,laurelwood
calophyllum inophyllum,Alexandrian laurel
calophyllum longifolium,Maria
calopogon pulchellum,grass pink
calopogon tuberosum,grass pink
calosoma scrutator,searcher
calpac,calpack
calpack,calpac
calpe,Gibraltar
calque,calque formation
calque formation,calque
caltha palustris,marsh marigold
caltrop,devil's weed
calumet,peace pipe
calumniation,defamation
calumny,defamation
calvaria,skullcap
calvatia gigantea,giant puffball
calvert vaux,Vaux
calves' liver,calf's liver
calvin coolidge,Coolidge
calvin klein,Klein
calvin richard klein,Klein
calx,calcium oxide
calycanthus family,Calycanthaceae
calycanthus floridus,Carolina allspice
calycanthus occidentalis,spicebush
calycle,epicalyx
calycophyllum candidissimum,dagame
calyculus,epicalyx
calypso,fairy-slipper
calypso bulbosa,calypso
calypter,alula
calyptridium umbellatum,pussy-paw
calystegia sepium,hedge bindweed
calyx tube,hypanthium
cam river,Cam
cam stroke,throw
camachile,manila tamarind
camail,aventail
camaraderie,chumminess
camarilla,cabal
camas,camass
camash,camas
camass,camas
camassia leichtlinii,Leichtlin's camas
camassia quamash,common camas
camassia scilloides,wild hyacinth
camber,bank
camberwell beauty,mourning cloak
cambodian capital,Phnom Penh
cambria,Wales
cambrian period,Cambrian
cambridge,Cambridge University
camel's hair,camelhair
camelhair,camel's hair
camelia,camellia
camelina sativa,gold of pleasure
camellia,camelia
camellia japonica,japonica
camellia sinensis,tea
camellia state,Alabama
camelopard,giraffe
camelus bactrianus,Bactrian camel
camelus dromedarius,Arabian camel
camera,photographic camera
camera lens,optical lens
camera operator,cameraman
cameraman,camera operator
cameroun,Cameroon
camillo golgi,Golgi
camion,lorry
camisole,underbodice
camo,camouflage
camomile,chamomile
camosh,camas
camouflage,disguise
camp bed,cot
camp robber,Canada jay
campaign,political campaign
campaign for governor,governor's race
campaigner,candidate
campaigning,candidacy
campana,bell
campanile,belfry
campanula,bellflower
campanula americana,tall bellflower
campanula aparinoides,marsh bellflower
campanula carpatica,tussock bellflower
campanula divaricata,southern harebell
campanula glomerata,clustered bellflower
campanula medium,Canterbury bell
campanula persicifolia,peach bells
campanula pyramidalis,chimney plant
campanula rapunculoides,creeping bellflower
campanula rapunculus,rampion
campanula rotundifolia,harebell
campanula trachelium,throatwort
campeachy,logwood
campephilus principalis,ivorybill
camper,camping bus
campground,campsite
camphor ball,mothball
camphor daisy,Haplopappus phyllocephalus
camphor dune tansy,Tanacetum camphoratum
camphor tree,Cinnamomum camphora
camphorated tincture of opium,paregoric
camphorweed,turpentine camphor weed
camping,encampment
camping area,campsite
camping bus,camper
camping ground,campsite
camping site,campsite
campion,silene
campong,kampong
campsis radicans,trumpet creeper
campsite,campground
camptosorus rhizophyllus,walking fern
campyloneurum augustifolium,Central American strap fern
camwood,African sandalwood
can,tin
can buoy,can
can opener,tin opener
canaan,Palestine
canaanitic language,Canaanitic
canachites canadensis,spruce grouse
canada goose,honker
canada moonseed,common moonseed
canadian capital,Ottawa
canadian fleabane,horseweed
canadian goldenrod,meadow goldenrod
canadian goose,honker
canadian hemlock,eastern hemlock
canadian maritime provinces,Maritime Provinces
canadian red pine,red pine
canadian river,Canadian
canadian shield,Laurentian Plateau
canafistola,golden shower tree
canafistula,golden shower tree
canakkale bogazi,Dardanelles
canal,duct
canal boat,narrow boat
canal zone,Panama Canal Zone
canalis cervicis uteri,cervical canal
canalis inguinalis,inguinal canal
canalis vertebralis,spinal canal
canalisation,canalization
canalization,canalisation
cananga odorata,ilang-ilang
canangium,Cananga
canara,Kanara
canarese,Kanarese
canaries,Canary Islands
canary bird,canary
canary creeper,canarybird flower
canary grass,birdseed grass
canary whitewood,tulip tree
canary yellow,canary
canarybird flower,canarybird vine
canarybird vine,canarybird flower
canasta,basket rummy
canavalia ensiformis,jack bean
canavalia gladiata,sword bean
cancel,natural
cancer,malignant neoplastic disease
cancer body,Russell's body
cancer borealis,Jonah crab
cancer drug,antineoplastic
cancer irroratus,rock crab
cancer magister,Dungeness crab
cancer of the blood,leukemia
cancer of the liver,liver cancer
cancer the crab,Cancer
cancer weed,cancerweed
cancerweed,cancer weed
candela,candle
candelabra,candelabrum
candelabrum,candelabra
candelilla,Pedilanthus bracteatus
candidacy,campaigning
candidate,campaigner
candidature,campaigning
candidiasis,moniliasis
candidness,candor
candied apple,candy apple
candied fruit,succade
candle,taper
candle flame,candlelight
candle holder,candlestick
candleberry,bayberry
candlelight,candle flame
candlemas day,Candlemas
candlenut,varnish tree
candlepin bowling,candlepins
candlepins,candlepin bowling
candlepower,light intensity
candlepower unit,luminous intensity unit
candlestick,candle holder
candlestick tulip,lady tulip
candor,fairness
candour,candor
candy,confect
candy apple,candied apple
candy kiss,kiss
candy store,confectionery
candyfloss,cotton candy
candymaker,confectioner
candyweed,orange milkwort
cane reed,giant cane
canebrake rattler,canebrake rattlesnake
canebrake rattlesnake,canebrake rattler
canecutter,swamp rabbit
canella,canella bark
canella-alba,wild cinnamon
canella bark,canella
canella family,Canellaceae
canella winterana,wild cinnamon
canful,can
canicula,Sirius
canicular days,dog days
canicule,dog days
canid,canine
canine chorea,chorea
canine tooth,canine
caning,wicker
canis aureus,jackal
canis dingo,dingo
canis familiaris,dog
canis latrans,coyote
canis lupus,timber wolf
canis lupus tundrarum,white wolf
canis niger,red wolf
canis rufus,red wolf
canistel,canistel tree
canistel tree,canistel
canister,case shot
canister shot,case shot
canker,canker sore
canker brake,Christmas fern
canker sore,canker
cankerweed,white lettuce
canna edulis,achira
canna generalis,canna lily
canna indica,achira
canna lily,Canna generalis
cannabin,cannabis resin
cannabis,hemp
cannabis indica,Indian hemp
cannabis resin,cannabin
cannabis sativa,marijuana
canned food,canned foods
canned foods,canned food
canned goods,canned food
canned meat,tinned meat
cannibal,man-eater
cannibal mound,steak tartare
cannister,canister
cannon,shank
cannon ball,cannonball
cannon fire,artillery fire
cannon fodder,fodder
cannonade,drumfire
cannonball,cannon ball
cannoneer,artilleryman
cannulation,canulation
cannulisation,cannulation
cannulization,cannulation
canoe birch,American white birch
canoe cedar,western red cedar
canoeist,paddler
canola,canola oil
canola oil,canola
canon,canyon
canon law,ecclesiastical law
canonisation,canonization
canonization,canonisation
canopic jar,canopic vase
canopic vase,canopic jar
cant,buzzword
cant dog,peavey
cantala,Cebu maguey
cantaloup,cantaloupe
cantaloup vine,cantaloupe
cantaloupe,cantaloup
cantaloupe vine,cantaloupe
cantata,oratorio
canteen,mobile canteen
canter,lope
cantering rhythm,gallop rhythm
cantharellus cibarius,chanterelle
cantharellus cinnabarinus,cinnabar chanterelle
cantharellus clavatus,pig's ears
cantharellus floccosus,floccose chanterelle
canticle of canticles,Song of Songs
canticles,Song of Songs
canton,Guangzhou
canton flannel,cotton flannel
canton ginger,common ginger
canton river,Zhu Jiang
cantonese,Yue
cantonese dialect,Yue
cantonment,camp
cantor,choirmaster
canulation,cannulation
canulisation,cannulation
canulization,cannulation
canute the great,Canute
canvas,canvass
canvas tent,canvas
canvasback,canvasback duck
canvasback duck,canvasback
canvass,canvas
canvasser,solicitor
canvassing,electioneering
canyon,canon
canyon live oak,canyon oak
canyon oak,canyon live oak
canyon treefrog,Hyla arenicolor
caoutchouc,rubber
caoutchouc tree,Para rubber tree
cap,detonator
capability,capableness
capableness,capability
capaciousness,roominess
capacitance,electrical capacity
capacitor,capacitance
capacitor microphone,condenser microphone
capacity,capability
capacity measure,volume unit
capacity unit,volume unit
caparison,trapping
cape,ness
cape aloe,Aloe ferox
cape colony,Cape Province
cape dagga,dagga
cape forget-me-not,Anchusa riparia
cape gooseberry,purple ground cherry
cape hunting dog,African hunting dog
cape hyacinth,summer hyacinth
cape jasmine,cape jessamine
cape jessamine,cape jasmine
cape kafferboom,kaffir boom
cape kennedy,Cape Canaveral
cape marigold,sun marigold
cape of good hope province,Cape Province
cape periwinkle,periwinkle
cape yellowwood,African yellowwood
capelan,capelin
capelin,capelan
caper,job
caper family,Capparidaceae
caper spurge,myrtle spurge
caper tree,bay-leaved caper
capercaillie,capercailzie
capercailzie,capercaillie
capeweed,cat's-ear
capibara,capybara
capillarity,capillary action
capillary action,capillarity
capillary artery,arteriole
capillary fracture,hairline fracture
capillary tube,capillary
capillary tubing,capillary
capillary vein,venule
capillary vessel,capillary
capital cost,cost of capital
capital letter,capital
capital of afghanistan,Kabul
capital of alabama,Montgomery
capital of alaska,Juneau
capital of antigua and barbuda,St. John's
capital of argentina,Buenos Aires
capital of arizona,Phoenix
capital of arkansas,Little Rock
capital of armenia,Yerevan
capital of australia,Canberra
capital of austria,Vienna
capital of azerbaijan,Baku
capital of bahrain,Manama
capital of bangladesh,Dhaka
capital of barbados,Bridgetown
capital of belarus,Minsk
capital of belgium,Bruxelles
capital of benin,Porto Novo
capital of bolivia,La Paz
capital of botswana,Gaborone
capital of brazil,Brasilia
capital of burundi,Bujumbura
capital of california,Sacramento
capital of cameroon,Yaounde
capital of canada,Ottawa
capital of cape verde,Praia
capital of central africa,Bangui
capital of chad,N'Djamena
capital of chile,Gran Santiago
capital of colombia,Bogota
capital of colorado,Denver
capital of connecticut,Hartford
capital of costa rica,San Jose
capital of cuba,Havana
capital of cyprus,Nicosia
capital of delaware,Dover
capital of djibouti,Djibouti
capital of ecuador,Quito
capital of egypt,Cairo
capital of estonia,Tallinn
capital of ethiopia,Addis Ababa
capital of finland,Helsinki
capital of florida,Tallahassee
capital of france,Paris
capital of gabon,Libreville
capital of gambia,Banjul
capital of georgia,Atlanta
capital of ghana,Accra
capital of greece,Athens
capital of grenada,St. George's
capital of guatemala,Guatemala City
capital of guinea,Conakry
capital of guinea-bissau,Bissau
capital of hawaii,Honolulu
capital of hungary,Budapest
capital of iceland,Reykjavik
capital of idaho,Boise
capital of illinois,Springfield
capital of india,New Delhi
capital of indiana,Indianapolis
capital of indonesia,Jakarta
capital of iowa,Des Moines
capital of iran,Teheran
capital of iraq,Baghdad
capital of ireland,Dublin
capital of israel,Jerusalem
capital of italy,Rome
capital of jamaica,Kingston
capital of japan,Tokyo
capital of jordan,Amman
capital of kansas,Topeka
capital of kazakhstan,Astana
capital of kentucky,Frankfort
capital of kenya,Nairobi
capital of kuwait,Kuwait
capital of kyrgyzstan,Bishkek
capital of laos,Vientiane
capital of latvia,Riga
capital of lebanon,Bayrut
capital of lesotho,Maseru
capital of liberia,Monrovia
capital of libya,Tripoli
capital of liechtenstein,Vaduz
capital of lithuania,Vilnius
capital of louisiana,Baton Rouge
capital of luxembourg,Luxembourg-Ville
capital of madagascar,Antananarivo
capital of maine,Augusta
capital of malawi,Lilongwe
capital of malaysia,Putrajaya
capital of malta,Valletta
capital of maryland,Annapolis
capital of massachusetts,Boston
capital of mexico,Mexico City
capital of michigan,Lansing
capital of minnesota,Saint Paul
capital of mississippi,Jackson
capital of missouri,Jefferson City
capital of moldova,Kishinev
capital of mongolia,Ulan Bator
capital of montana,Helena
capital of morocco,Rabat
capital of mozambique,Maputo
capital of nebraska,Lincoln
capital of nepal,Kathmandu
capital of nevada,Carson City
capital of new hampshire,Concord
capital of new jersey,Trenton
capital of new mexico,Santa Fe
capital of new york,Albany
capital of new zealand,Wellington
capital of nicaragua,Managua
capital of niger,Niamey
capital of nigeria,Abuja
capital of north carolina,Raleigh
capital of north dakota,Bismarck
capital of north korea,Pyongyang
capital of northern ireland,Belfast
capital of norway,Oslo
capital of ohio,Columbus
capital of oklahoma,Oklahoma City
capital of oman,Muscat
capital of oregon,Salem
capital of pakistan,Islamabad
capital of panama,Panama City
capital of papua new guinea,Port Moresby
capital of paraguay,Asuncion
capital of pennsylvania,Harrisburg
capital of peru,Lima
capital of poland,Warszawa
capital of portugal,Lisbon
capital of qatar,Doha
capital of red china,Beijing
capital of rhode island,Providence
capital of romania,Bucharest
capital of rwanda,Kigali
capital of san marino,San Marino
capital of saudi arabia,Riyadh
capital of senegal,Dakar
capital of serbia and montenegro,Belgrade
capital of seychelles,Victoria
capital of sierra leone,Freetown
capital of singapore,Singapore
capital of slovakia,Bratislava
capital of somalia,Mogadishu
capital of south africa,Pretoria
capital of south carolina,Columbia
capital of south dakota,Pierre
capital of south korea,Seoul
capital of spain,Madrid
capital of sri lanka,Colombo
capital of sudan,Khartoum
capital of suriname,Paramaribo
capital of swaziland,Mbabane
capital of sweden,Stockholm
capital of switzerland,Bern
capital of syria,Dimash
capital of taiwan,Taipei
capital of tajikistan,Dushanbe
capital of tanzania,Dar es Salaam
capital of tennessee,Nashville
capital of texas,Austin
capital of thailand,Bangkok
capital of the bahamas,Nassau
capital of the dominican republic,Santo Domingo
capital of the netherlands,Amsterdam
capital of the philippines,Manila
capital of the russian federation,Moscow
capital of the ukraine,Kyyiv
capital of the united kingdom,London
capital of the united states,Washington
capital of tibet,Lhasa
capital of togo,Lome
capital of trinidad and tobago,Port of Spain
capital of tunisia,Tunis
capital of turkey,Ankara
capital of turkmenistan,Ashkhabad
capital of uganda,Kampala
capital of uruguay,Montevideo
capital of utah,Salt Lake City
capital of uzbek,Tashkent
capital of vanuatu,Port Vila
capital of venezuela,Caracas
capital of vermont,Montpelier
capital of vietnam,Hanoi
capital of virginia,Richmond
capital of washington,Olympia
capital of west virginia,Charleston
capital of western samoa,Apia
capital of wisconsin,Madison
capital of wyoming,Cheyenne
capital of zambia,Lusaka
capital of zimbabwe,Harare
capital punishment,execution
capital stock,authorized shares
capitalisation,capitalization
capitalism,capitalist economy
capitalist economy,capitalism
capitalization,capitalisation
capitate bone,capitate
capitol building,Capitol
capitulation,fall
capitulum,head
capiz,window oyster
caplin,capelin
capote,hooded coat
capoten,captopril
capparis arborea,native pomegranate
capparis cynophallophora,caper tree
capparis flexuosa,caper tree
capparis mitchellii,native orange
capparis spinosa,common caper
capped macaque,bonnet macaque
cappelletti,ravioli
cappuccino,cappuccino coffee
cappuccino coffee,cappuccino
capra aegagrus,bezoar goat
capra falconeri,markhor
capra hircus,domestic goat
capra ibex,ibex
capreolus capreolus,roe deer
capric acid,decanoic acid
caprice,impulse
capriciousness,unpredictability
capricorn the goat,Capricorn
caprifig,Ficus carica sylvestris
caprimulgid,goatsucker
caprimulgus carolinensis,chuck-will's-widow
caprimulgus europaeus,European goatsucker
caprimulgus vociferus,whippoorwill
caprine animal,goat
capriole,caper
caproic acid,hexanoic acid
capros aper,boarfish
capsella bursa-pastoris,shepherd's purse
capsicum,pepper
capsicum annuum cerasiforme,cherry pepper
capsicum annuum conoides,cone pepper
capsicum annuum grossum,sweet pepper
capsicum annuum longum,cayenne
capsicum baccatum,bird pepper
capsicum frutescens,tabasco pepper
capsicum frutescens baccatum,bird pepper
capsicum pepper plant,capsicum
capsid,mirid bug
capsidae,Miridae
capstone,finishing touch
capsula glomeruli,Bowman's capsule
capsule,condensation
captain,skipper
captain bligh,Bligh
captain bob,Bartlett
captain cook,Cook
captain hicks,six
captain horatio hornblower,Horatio Hornblower
captain james cook,Cook
captain john smith,Smith
captain kidd,Kidd
captaincy,captainship
captainship,captaincy
caption,subtitle
captivation,fascination
captivity,imprisonment
captopril,Capoten
captor,capturer
capture,gaining control
capturer,captor
capuchin,ringtail
capulin,capulin tree
capulin tree,capulin
caput,head
capybara,capibara
car,auto
car-mechanic,automobile mechanic
car battery,automobile battery
car boot sale,boot sale
car company,auto company
car factory,automobile factory
car horn,automobile horn
car insurance,automobile insurance
car loan,automobile loan
car maker,car manufacturer
car manufacturer,car maker
car park,parking lot
car part,auto part
car port,carport
car race,automobile race
car racing,auto racing
car rental,hire car
car tire,automobile tire
car traffic,automobile traffic
car transporter,transporter
carabid beetle,ground beetle
carabineer,carbineer
carabiner,karabiner
carabinier,carbineer
caracal,desert lynx
carack,carrack
caracolito,Ruptiliocarpon caracolito
caracul,broadtail
carafate,sucralfate
carafe,decanter
caragana,pea tree
caragana arborescens,Siberian pea tree
caragana sinica,Chinese pea tree
carageen,Irish moss
carambola,carambola tree
carambola tree,carambola
caramel apple,candied apple
caramel bun,honey bun
caramelized sugar,caramel
carancha,Polyborus plancus
caranda,caranday
caranda palm,caranday
caranday,caranda
carangid fish,carangid
caranx bartholomaei,yellow jack
caranx crysos,runner
caranx hippos,crevalle jack
carapace,shell
carassius auratus,goldfish
carassius carassius,crucian carp
carassius vulgaris,crucian carp
carat,karat
caravan,train
caravan inn,caravansary
caravansary,caravanserai
caravanserai,caravansary
caraway,Carum carvi
carbamide,urea
carbineer,carabineer
carbo loading,carbohydrate loading
carbohydrate,saccharide
carbohydrate loading,carbo loading
carbolic acid,phenol
carbon,C
carbon-14 dating,radiocarbon dating
carbon 14,radiocarbon
carbon arc,carbon arc lamp
carbon arc lamp,carbon arc
carbon black,lampblack
carbon copy,carbon
carbon dating,radiocarbon dating
carbon dichloride,tetrachlorethylene
carbon dioxide,CO2
carbon dioxide acidosis,respiratory acidosis
carbon monoxide,carbon monoxide gas
carbon monoxide gas,carbon monoxide
carbon nanotube,nanotube
carbon paper,carbon
carbon tet,carbon tetrachloride
carbon tetrachloride,carbon tet
carbonado,black diamond
carbonated water,soda water
carbonic acid gas,carbon dioxide
carboniferous period,Carboniferous
carbonisation,carbonization
carbonization,carbonisation
carbonnade flamande,Belgian beef stew
carboxyl group,carboxyl
carburetor,carburettor
carburettor,carburetor
carcajou,wolverine
carcase,carcass
carcass,carcase
carcharhinus leucas,bull shark
carcharhinus limbatus,blacktip shark
carcharhinus obscurus,dusky shark
carcharhinus plumbeus,sandbar shark
carcharias taurus,sand tiger
carcharinus longimanus,whitetip shark
carcharodon carcharias,great white shark
carcinoma in situ,preinvasive cancer
carcinomatous myopathy,Lambert-Eaton syndrome
card,identity card
card-house,house of cards
card catalog,card catalogue
card catalogue,card catalog
card game,cards
card index,card catalog
card shark,cardsharp
card sharp,cardsharp
card sharper,cardsharp
cardamine bulbifera,coral-root bittercress
cardamine bulbosa,spring cress
cardamine diphylla,crinkleroot
cardamine douglasii,purple cress
cardamine pratensis,lady's smock
cardamine rotundifolia,American watercress
cardamom,cardamon
cardamon,cardamom
cardamum,cardamom
cardcastle,house of cards
cardhouse,house of cards
cardiac arrest,asystole
cardiac arrhythmia,arrhythmia
cardiac glucoside,cardiac glycoside
cardiac glycoside,cardiac glucoside
cardiac insufficiency,coronary insufficiency
cardiac massage,heart massage
cardiac monitor,heart monitor
cardiac murmur,heart murmur
cardiac muscle,heart muscle
cardiac pacemaker,pacemaker
cardiac plexus,plexus cardiacus
cardiac resuscitation,cardiopulmonary resuscitation
cardiac rhythm,heart rhythm
cardiac valve,heart valve
cardigan welsh corgi,Cardigan
cardinal bellarmine,Bellarmine
cardinal flower,Indian pink
cardinal grosbeak,cardinal
cardinal newman,Newman
cardinal number,cardinal
cardinal richelieu,Richelieu
cardinal tetra,Paracheirodon axelrodi
cardinalis cardinalis,cardinal
cardiogram,electrocardiogram
cardiograph,electrocardiograph
cardiography,electrocardiography
cardiologist,heart specialist
cardiomegaly,megalocardia
cardiomyopathy,myocardiopathy
cardiopathy,heart disease
cardiopulmonary arrest,asystole
cardiopulmonary resuscitation,CPR
cardiospermum grandiflorum,heartseed
cardiospermum halicacabum,balloon vine
cardiovascular system,circulatory system
cardium edule,edible cockle
cardizem,diltiazem
cardoon,Cynara cardunculus
cards,card game
cardsharp,card sharp
cardsharper,cardsharp
carduelis cannabina,linnet
carduelis carduelis,goldfinch
carduelis cucullata,red siskin
carduelis flammea,redpoll
carduelis hornemanni,redpoll
carduelis spinus,siskin
cardura,doxazosin
carduus crispus,welted thistle
carduus nutans,musk thistle
care,attention
care delivery,healthcare delivery
careen,rock
career,calling
carefreeness,insouciance
carefulness,caution
caregiver,health professional
carelessness,sloppiness
carelian,Karelian
caressing,cuddling
caretta caretta,loggerhead
carex arenaria,sand sedge
carex pseudocyperus,cypress sedge
carfare,bus fare
cargo,lading
cargo area,cargo deck
cargo deck,cargo area
cargo hold,cargo area
cargo ship,cargo vessel
cargo ships,shipping
cargo vessel,cargo ship
cariama cristata,crested cariama
carib indian,Carib
carib wood,Sabinea carinalis
caribbean language,Carib
caribbean sea,Caribbean
caribe,piranha
caribees,Lesser Antilles
caribou,reindeer
carica papaya,papaya
caricature,imitation
caricature plant,Graptophyllum pictum
caries,cavity
carillon,bell ringing
carillon playing,bell ringing
carinate bird,carinate
carissa bispinosa,hedge thorn
carissa grandiflora,natal plum
carissa macrocarpa,natal plum
carissa plum,natal plum
carl anderson,Anderson
carl august nielsen,Nielsen
carl clinton van doren,Van Doren
carl david anderson,Anderson
carl gustaf mossander,Mosander
carl gustav jung,Jung
carl jung,Jung
carl lewis,Lewis
carl maria von weber,Weber
carl nielsen,Nielsen
carl orff,Orff
carl rogers,Rogers
carl sandburg,Sandburg
carl van doren,Van Doren
carl von linne,Linnaeus
carl xvi gustaf,Carl XVI Gustav
carl yastrzemski,Yastrzemski
carlina acaulis,stemless carline thistle
carlina vulgaris,common carline thistle
carling float,life raft
carlo goldoni,Goldoni
carload,boatload
carlos,Sanchez
carlos chavez,Chavez
carlos fuentes,Fuentes
carlos the jackal,Sanchez
carlovingian,Carolingian
carlovingian dynasty,Carolingian dynasty
carmaker,car manufacturer
carnage,slaughter
carnal abuse,statutory rape
carnal knowledge,sexual intercourse
carnality,prurience
carnation family,Caryophyllaceae
carnauba,carnauba wax
carnauba palm,carnauba
carnauba wax,carnauba
carnegiea gigantea,saguaro
carnelian,cornelian
carnival,circus
carnivorous bat,microbat
carnot's ideal cycle,Carnot cycle
carob,carob bean
carob bean,carob
carob bean tree,carob
carob powder,carob
carob tree,carob
carol,Christmas carol
caroler,caroller
carolina jasmine,yellow jasmine
carolina pond fern,mosquito fern
carolinas,Carolina
caroller,caroler
carolus,Charlemagne
carolus linnaeus,Linnaeus
carom,ricochet
carotene,provitamin A
carotenemia,xanthemia
carotid artery,arteria carotis
carotid plexus,plexus caroticus
carotin,provitamin A
carousal,carouse
carouse,carousal
carousel,carrousel
carouser,wassailer
carpal bone,carpal
carpathian mountains,Carpathians
carpentaria,Gulf of Carpentaria
carpenter's hammer,claw hammer
carpenter's kit,tool kit
carpenter's plane,plane
carpenter's saw,handsaw
carpenteria,Carpenteria californica
carpenteria californica,carpenteria
carpentry,woodworking
carper,niggler
carpet,rug
carpet beater,rug beater
carpet beetle,carpet bug
carpet bombing,area bombing
carpet bug,carpet beetle
carpet grass,smut grass
carpet moth,tapestry moth
carpet pad,rug pad
carpet shark,Orectolobus barbatus
carpet slipper,slipper
carpet snake,Python variegatus
carpet sweeper,sweeper
carpeting,rug
carpetweed,Indian chickweed
carpetweed family,Aizoaceae
carphophis amoenus,thunder snake
carping,faultfinding
carpinus betulus,European hornbeam
carpinus caroliniana,American hornbeam
carpobrotus edulis,Hottentot fig
carpocapsa pomonella,codling moth
carpodacus mexicanus,house finch
carpodacus purpureus,purple finch
carport,car port
carpus,wrist
carrack,carack
carrageen,Irish moss
carrageenan,carrageenin
carrageenin,carrageenan
carragheen,Irish moss
carrefour,intersection
carrell,carrel
carriage,passenger car
carriage dog,dalmatian
carriage house,coach house
carrier,bearer
carrier bag,sack
carrier electrophoresis,paper electrophoresis
carrier wave,carrier
carrion crow,black vulture
carrion flower,stapelia
carrion fungus,stinkhorn
carrizo,ditch reed
carrot,cultivated carrot
carrot family,Umbelliferae
carrottop,redhead
carrousel,carousel
carry-forward,carry-over
carry-over,transfer
carry amelia moore nation,Nation
carry nation,Nation
carryall,holdall
carrying charge,carrying cost
carrying cost,carrying charge
carrying into action,performance
carrying out,execution
carson mccullers,McCullers
carson smith mccullers,McCullers
cart,handcart
cart-track plant,broad-leaved plantain
cart horse,carthorse
cart track,track
cartage,carting
carte,menu
carte du jour,menu
cartel,trust
cartesian product,intersection
carthamus tinctorius,safflower
carthorse,cart horse
cartilage,gristle
cartilaginous fish,chondrichthian
carting,cartage
cartographer,map maker
cartography,mapmaking
carton,cartonful
cartonful,carton
cartoon,sketch
cartoon strip,comic strip
cartouch,cartouche
cartouche,cartouch
cartridge,magazine
cartridge clip,cartridge holder
cartridge ejector,ejector
cartridge extractor,cartridge remover
cartridge font,font cartridge
cartridge holder,cartridge clip
cartridge remover,cartridge extractor
cartroad,track
cartwheel,silver dollar
carum carvi,caraway
caruncle,caruncula
caruncula,caruncle
carving,cutting
cary grant,Grant
carya aquatica,water hickory
carya cordiformis,bitternut
carya glabra,pignut
carya illinoensis,pecan
carya illinoinsis,pecan
carya laciniosa,big shellbark
carya myristicaeformis,nutmeg hickory
carya myristiciformis,nutmeg hickory
carya ovata,shagbark
carya tomentosa,mockernut
caryocar nuciferum,souari
caryopsis,grain
caryota urens,wine palm
casaba,casaba melon
casaba melon,casaba
casanova de seingalt,Casanova
casava,cassava
casbah,kasbah
cascabel,sleigh bell
cascade,shower
cascade everlasting,Ozothamnus secundiflorus
cascade mountains,Cascades
cascade penstemon,Penstemon serrulatus
cascade range,Cascades
cascades frog,Rana cascadae
cascading menu,hierarchical menu
cascara,cascara sagrada
cascara buckthorn,bearberry
cascara sagrada,cascara
cascarilla,Croton eluteria
cascarilla bark,eleuthera bark
case,instance
case-to-infection proportion,case-to-infection ratio
case-to-infection ratio,case-to-infection proportion
case in point,precedent
case knife,sheath knife
case law,common law
case shot,canister
caseful,case
casein,casein paint
casein paint,casein
casemaking clothes moth,Tinea pellionella
caseworker,social worker
casey jones,Jones
casey stengel,Stengel
cash,hard cash
cash advance,advance
cash card,cashcard
cash cow,moneymaker
cash dispenser,cash machine
cash in hand,funds
cash machine,cash dispenser
cash price,spot price
cash register,register
cashbox,money box
cashcard,cash card
cashew,cashew tree
cashew nut,cashew
cashew tree,cashew
cashier,teller
cashier's check,treasurer's check
cashier's cheque,cashier's check
cashmere,Kashmir
casimir funk,Funk
casing,shell
casino,gambling casino
casino-hotel,hotel-casino
cask,caskful
casket,coffin
caskful,cask
casmerodius albus,great white heron
caspar bartholin,Bartholin
caspase-mediated cell death,apoptosis
caspian sea,Caspian
casquet,casquetel
casquetel,casquet
cass gilbert,Gilbert
cassava,cassava starch
cassava starch,cassava
cassia,genus Cassia
cassia-bark tree,cassia
cassia acutifolia,Alexandria senna
cassia alata,ringworm bush
cassia augustifolia,Alexandria senna
cassia auriculata,avaram
cassia bark,Chinese cinnamon
cassia fasciculata,partridge pea
cassia fistula,golden shower tree
cassia grandis,pink shower
cassia javonica,rainbow shower
cassia marginata,horse cassia
cassia marilandica,wild senna
cassia occidentalis,coffee senna
cassia roxburghii,horse cassia
cassia tora,sicklepod
cassie,huisache
cassino,casino
cassiope mertensiana,white heather
cassite,Kassite
cassius clay,Ali
cassius longinus,Cassius
cassius marcellus clay,Ali
cast,cast of characters
cast-iron plant,aspidistra
cast of characters,cast
castanea chrysophylla,giant chinkapin
castanea crenata,Japanese chestnut
castanea dentata,American chestnut
castanea mollissima,Chinese chestnut
castanea ozarkensis,Ozark chinkapin
castanea pumila,Allegheny chinkapin
castanea sativa,European chestnut
castanets,bones
castanopsis chrysophylla,giant chinkapin
castaway,outcast
caster,castor
caster sugar,castor sugar
castigation,earful
castilla,Castile
castilleia,Castilleja
castilleja chromosa,desert paintbrush
castilleja miniata,giant red paintbrush
castilleja sessiliflora,great plains paintbrush
castilleja sulphurea,sulfur paintbrush
casting,cast
casting lots,drawing lots
castle,palace
castle in spain,reverie
castle in the air,reverie
castling,castle
castor-oil plant,castor bean plant
castor bean plant,castor-oil plant
castor canadensis,New World beaver
castor fiber,Old World beaver
castor sugar,caster sugar
castrate,eunuch
castration,emasculation
casualness,familiarity
casualty,injured party
casuarina equisetfolia,Australian pine
casuist,sophist
cat,true cat
cat's-claw,catclaw
cat's-ear,California dandelion
cat's-paw,instrument
cat's-tail,bullrush
cat's feet,cat's foot
cat's foot,cat's feet
cat-o'-nine-tails,cat
cat and mouse,cat and rat
cat and rat,cat and mouse
cat bear,lesser panda
cat burglar,housebreaker
cat cracker,catalytic cracker
cat flea,Ctenocephalides felis
cat scan,scan
cat scanner,computerized axial tomography scanner
cat sleep,nap
cat squirrel,red squirrel
cat suit,leotard
cat thyme,marum
cat valium,K
catabatic wind,katabatic wind
catabolism,katabolism
cataclysm,catastrophe
cataflam,diclofenac potassium
catalina island,Santa Catalina
catalog,catalogue
catalog buying,mail-order buying
cataloger,cataloguer
catalogue,catalog
cataloguer,cataloger
catalpa,Indian bean
catalufa,Priacanthus arenatus
catalysis,contact action
catalyst,accelerator
catalytic cracker,cat cracker
catamenia,menstruation
catamount,lynx
catamountain,European wildcat
catananche caerulea,blue succory
cataphoresis,electrophoresis
cataphract,body armor
cataplasm,poultice
catapres,clonidine
catapult,slingshot
catasetum macrocarpum,jumping orchid
catastrophe,calamity
catatonia,catatonic schizophrenia
catatonic schizophrenia,catatonic type schizophrenia
catatonic type schizophrenia,catatonic schizophrenia
catbird,bowerbird
catbrier,bullbrier
catch,gimmick
catch phrase,catchphrase
catcher,backstop
catchfly,silene
catchment area,river basin
catchment basin,river basin
catchphrase,catch phrase
catchweed,cleavers
catchword,motto
catclaw,cat's-claw
catechu,black catechu
catechumen,neophyte
categorem,categoreme
categoreme,categorem
categorisation,classification
categorization,classification
category,class
caterpillar track,track
caterpillar tread,track
catfish,mudcat
catgut,goat's rue
catharacta skua,great skua
catharanthus roseus,periwinkle
cathari,Albigenses
catharism,Albigensianism
cathars,Albigenses
catharsis,katharsis
cathartes aura,buzzard
cathartid,New World vulture
cathay,China
cathedra,bishop's throne
catherine,Catherine of Aragon
catherine howard,Howard
catherine parr,Parr
catherine the great,Catherine II
catherine wheel,pinwheel
catheterisation,catheterization
catheterization,catheterisation
cathexis,charge
cathode-ray oscilloscope,oscilloscope
cathode-ray tube,CRT
catholic pope,pope
catholic reaction force,Irish National Liberation Army
catholicity,Catholicism
catholicon,panacea
cathouse,whorehouse
cationic detergent,invert soap
catjang pea,pigeon pea
catkin,ament
catmint,catnip
catnap,nap
catnip,catmint
catocala nupta,red underwing
catoptrophorus semipalmatus,willet
catskill mountains,Catskills
catsup,ketchup
catsup bottle,ketchup bottle
cattail family,Typhaceae
cattail millet,pearl millet
cattalo,beefalo
cattie,catty
cattiness,bitchiness
cattle,cows
cattle boat,cattleship
cattle egret,Bubulcus ibis
cattle farm,ranch
cattle grid,cattle guard
cattle guard,cattle grid
cattle pen,cow pen
cattle plague,rinderpest
cattle ranch,ranch
cattle thief,rustler
cattleman,cow man
cattleship,cattle boat
cattley guava,purple strawberry guava
cattleya citrina,tulip orchid
caucasian language,Caucasian
caucasian race,White race
caucasoid race,White race
caucasus mountains,Caucasus
caudal anaesthesia,caudal anesthesia
caudal anesthesia,caudal anaesthesia
caudal block,caudal anesthesia
caudal fin,tail fin
caudal vertebra,coccygeal vertebra
caudata,Urodella
caudate nucleus,caudate
caudex,stock
caul,greater omentum
cauldron,caldron
cauliflower,Brassica oleracea botrytis
caulk,caulking
caulking,caulk
caulophyllum thalictrioides,blue cohosh
caulophyllum thalictroides,blue cohosh
causa,lawsuit
causal agency,causal agent
causal agent,cause
causal factor,determinant
causation,causing
cause,reason
cause of death,killer
causerie,chitchat
causing,causation
caustic lime,calcium hydroxide
caustic potash,potash
caustic remark,sarcasm
caustic soda,sodium hydroxide
cauterant,cautery
cauterisation,cautery
cauterization,cautery
cautery,cauterant
caution,cautiousness
cautiousness,caution
cavalier hat,slouch hat
cavalla,king mackerel
cavalry,horse cavalry
cavalry sword,saber
cavalryman,trooper
cave bat,pallid bat
cave dweller,caveman
cave in,subsidence
cave man,caveman
cave myotis,Myotis velifer
caveat,caution
caveman,cave man
cavernous sinus,sinus cavernosus
cavia cobaya,guinea pig
cavia porcellus,aperea
caviar,caviare
caviare,caviar
cavil,quibble
caviler,quibbler
caviller,quibbler
cavity,pit
cavity resonator,resonator
caviuna wood,Brazilian rosewood
cavum,cavity
cay,key
cayenne,cayenne pepper
cayenne jasmine,periwinkle
cayenne pepper,cayenne
cayman,caiman
cayuse,Indian pony
cazique,cacique
cbc,complete blood count
cbr,cosmic background radiation
ccrc,Casualty Care Research Center
cd-wo,CD-R
cd4,cluster of differentiation 4
cd4 cell,helper T cell
cd4 t cell,helper T cell
cd8,cluster of differentiation 8
cd8 cell,killer T cell
cd8 t cell,killer T cell
cd burner,compact-disk burner
cdc,Center for Disease Control and Prevention
cdna,complementary DNA
cease-fire,armistice
cease and desist order,injunction
ceaselessness,continuousness
cebu city,Cebu
cebu maguey,cantala
cebuano,Cebuan
cebuella pygmaea,pygmy marmoset
cebus capucinus,capuchin
cecal appendage,appendix
cecil b. demille,DeMille
cecil blount demille,DeMille
cecil frank powell,Powell
cecil j. rhodes,Rhodes
cecil john rhodes,Rhodes
cecil rhodes,Rhodes
cecil scott forester,Forester
cecity,blindness
cecropia moth,cecropia
cecropia peltata,trumpetwood
cecum,caecum
cedar,cedar tree
cedar-apple rust,apple rust
cedar elm,Ulmus crassifolia
cedar mahogany,African scented mahogany
cedar nut,cembra nut
cedar of goa,Mexican cypress
cedar tree,cedar
cedar waxwing,cedarbird
cedarbird,cedar waxwing
cedarwood,cedar
ceding,cession
ceding back,recession
cedrela calantas,Philippine mahogany
cedrela odorata,Spanish cedar
cedrus atlantica,Atlas cedar
cedrus deodara,deodar
cedrus libani,cedar of Lebanon
cefadroxil,Ultracef
cefobid,cefoperazone
cefoperazone,Cefobid
cefotaxime,Claforan
ceftazidime,Fortaz
ceftin,cefuroxime
ceftriaxone,Rocephin
cefuroxime,Ceftin
ceiba pentandra,kapok
ceiba tree,kapok
ceibo,crybaby tree
ceiling,roof
celandine,jewelweed
celandine poppy,wood poppy
celastric articulatus,Japanese bittersweet
celastrus orbiculatus,Japanese bittersweet
celastrus scandens,bittersweet
celebrant,celebrator
celebrater,celebrant
celebration,jubilation
celebrator,celebrant
celebrex,celecoxib
celebrity,famous person
celecoxib,Celebrex
celeriac,celery root
celerity,quickness
celery,cultivated celery
celery-leaved buttercup,cursed crowfoot
celery-topped pine,celery top pine
celery cabbage,Chinese cabbage
celery root,celeriac
celery top pine,celery-topped pine
celestial body,heavenly body
celestial equator,equinoctial circle
celestial horizon,horizon
celestial latitude,declination
celestial longitude,right ascension
celestial navigation,astronavigation
celestial orbit,orbit
celestial pole,pole
celestial sphere,sphere
celiac artery,celiac trunk
celiac trunk,celiac artery
celibacy,chastity
cell,electric cell
cell death,necrobiosis
cell division,cellular division
cell doctrine,cell theory
cell membrane,cytomembrane
cell nucleus,nucleus
cell organ,organelle
cell organelle,organelle
cell theory,cell doctrine
cellar,basement
cellaret,minibar
cellblock,ward
cellist,violoncellist
cello,violoncello
cellphone,cellular telephone
cellular division,cell division
cellular inclusion,inclusion body
cellular phone,cellular telephone
cellular respiration,respiration
cellular telephone,cellular phone
cellulose nitrate,nitrocellulose
cellulose tape,Scotch tape
cellulose triacetate,triacetate
cellulose xanthate,viscose
celom,coelom
celoma,celom
celosia argentea,red fox
celosia argentea cristata,cockscomb
celosia cristata,cockscomb
celtic language,Celtic
celtis australis,European hackberry
celtis laevigata,sugarberry
celtis occidentalis,American hackberry
celtuce,stem lettuce
cembalo,harpsichord
cembra nut,cedar nut
cembra nut tree,Swiss pine
cement,cementum
cement mixer,concrete mixer
cementite,iron carbide
cementum,cement
cemetery,graveyard
cenchrus ciliaris,buffel grass
cenchrus tribuloides,sandbur
cenobite,coenobite
cenogenesis,kenogenesis
cenotaph,empty tomb
cenozoic era,Cenozoic
censer,thurible
censoring,censorship
censorship,censoring
censure,animadversion
census,nose count
census bureau,Bureau of the Census
census taker,enumerator
cent,penny
cental,hundredweight
centare,square meter
centaur,Centaurus
centaurea americana,basket flower
centaurea cineraria,dusty miller
centaurea cyanus,cornflower
centaurea gymnocarpa,dusty miller
centaurea imperialis,sweet sultan
centaurea moschata,sweet sultan
centaurea nigra,lesser knapweed
centaurea scabiosa,great knapweed
centaurea solstitialis,Barnaby's thistle
centauria calcitrapa,star-thistle
centaurium calycosum,rosita
centaurium minus,lesser centaury
centaurium scilloides,tufted centaury
centennial state,Colorado
center bit,centre bit
center field,centerfield
center fielder,centerfielder
center line,centerline
center of attention,center
center of buoyancy,centre of buoyancy
center of curvature,centre of curvature
center of flotation,centre of flotation
center of gravity,centre of gravity
center of immersion,center of buoyancy
center of mass,centre of mass
center spread,centre spread
center stage,centre stage
centerboard,centreboard
centerfield,center field
centerfielder,center fielder
centerfold,centrefold
centering,focus
centerline,center line
centerpiece,centrepiece
centigrade scale,Celsius scale
centile,percentile
centiliter,centilitre
centilitre,centiliter
centime,penny
centimeter,centimetre
centimetre,centimeter
centner,hundredweight
central africa,Central African Republic
central american nation,Central American country
central artery of the retina,arteria centralis retinae
central body,centrosome
central chimpanzee,Pan troglodytes troglodytes
central city,city center
central nervous system,CNS
central office,headquarters
central processing unit,CPU
central processor,central processing unit
central standard time,Central Time
central sulcus,fissure of Rolando
central thai,Thai
central vein of retina,vena centrales retinae
central vein of suprarenal gland,vena centralis glandulae suprarenalis
central veins of liver,venae centrales hepatis
centralisation,centralization
centralization,centralisation
centranthus ruber,red valerian
centrarchid,sunfish
centre bit,center bit
centre for international crime prevention,United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
centre of attention,center
centre of buoyancy,center of buoyancy
centre of curvature,center of curvature
centre of flotation,center of flotation
centre of gravity,center of gravity
centre of immersion,center of buoyancy
centre of mass,center of mass
centre spread,center spread
centre stage,center stage
centreboard,centerboard
centrefold,centerfold
centrepiece,centerpiece
centrifuge,extractor
centrism,moderatism
centrocercus urophasianus,sage grouse
centrolobium robustum,arariba
centromere,kinetochore
centropistes striata,black sea bass
centropristis philadelphica,rock sea bass
centropus phasianinus,pheasant coucal
centropus sinensis,crow pheasant
centrosema virginianum,butterfly pea
centrosome,central body
century,hundred
century plant,agave
ceo,chief executive officer
cephalalgia,headache
cephalanthera rubra,red helleborine
cephalaspid,osteostracan
cephalaspida,Osteostraci
cephalexin,Keflex
cephalhematoma,cephalohematoma
cephalic index,breadth index
cephalic vein,vena cephalica
cephalitis,encephalitis
cephaloglycin,Kafocin
cephalohematoma,cephalhematoma
cephalopod mollusk,cephalopod
cephalopterus ornatus,umbrella bird
cephalosporin,Mefoxin
cephalotus follicularis,Australian pitcher plant
cepphus columba,pigeon guillemot
cepphus grylle,black guillemot
cer,conditioned emotional response
ceramicist,potter
ceramics,ceramic
ceramist,potter
cerapteryx graminis,antler moth
cerastes,horned viper
cerastes cornutus,horned viper
cerastium alpinum,Alpine mouse-ear
cerastium arvense,field chickweed
cerastium tomentosum,snow-in-summer
ceratin,keratin
ceratitis capitata,Mediterranean fruit fly
ceratonia siliqua,carob
ceratopetalum gummiferum,Christmas bush
ceratopsian,horned dinosaur
ceratopteris pteridioides,floating fern
ceratopteris thalictroides,floating fern
ceratosaur,ceratosaurus
ceratosaurus,ceratosaur
ceratostomella ulmi,Dutch elm fungus
ceratotherium simum,white rhinoceros
cercidiphyllum japonicum,katsura tree
cercidium floridum,palo verde
cercis canadensis,redbud
cercis occidentalis,western redbud
cercopithecus aethiops,grivet
cercopithecus aethiops pygerythrus,vervet
cercopithecus aethiops sabaeus,green monkey
cercopithecus talapoin,talapoin
cercospora kopkei,yellow spot fungus
cereal grass,cereal
cereal oat,Avena sativa
cerebellar artery,arteria cerebelli
cerebellar vein,vena cerebellum
cerebral aqueduct,Sylvian aqueduct
cerebral artery,arteria cerebri
cerebral cortex,cerebral mantle
cerebral death,brain death
cerebral edema,brain edema
cerebral hemisphere,hemisphere
cerebral mantle,cerebral cortex
cerebral palsy,spastic paralysis
cerebral peduncle,peduncle
cerebral vein,vena cerebri
cerebration,thinking
cerebromeningitis,meningoencephalitis
cerebrospinal fever,cerebrospinal meningitis
cerebrospinal fluid,spinal fluid
cerebrospinal meningitis,epidemic meningitis
cerebrovascular accident,stroke
cerement,pall
ceremonial dance,ritual dancing
ceremonial occasion,ceremony
ceremony,ceremonial
ceriman,Monstera deliciosa
cerium,Ce
cerivastatin,Baycol
cero,pintado
cerotic acid,hexacosanoic acid
ceroxylon alpinum,wax palm
ceroxylon andicola,wax palm
certainty,sure thing
certhia americana,brown creeper
certhia familiaris,European creeper
certificate,certification
certificate of deposit,CD
certificate of indebtedness,debt instrument
certification,enfranchisement
certified check,certified cheque
certified cheque,certified check
certified public accountant,CPA
certiorari,writ of certiorari
certitude,cocksureness
cerumen,earwax
ceruse,white lead
cerussite,white lead ore
cervantes saavedra,Cervantes
cervical artery,areteria cervicalis
cervical canal,canalis cervicis uteri
cervical disc syndrome,cervical root syndrome
cervical glands,cervical glands of the uterus
cervical glands of the uterus,cervical glands
cervical plexus,plexus cervicalis
cervical root syndrome,cervical disc syndrome
cervical smear,Pap smear
cervical vein,deep cervical vein
cervical vertebra,neck bone
cervicofacial actinomycosis,lumpy jaw
cervid,deer
cervix,neck
cervix uteri,cervix
cervus elaphus,red deer
cervus elaphus canadensis,wapiti
cervus nipon,Japanese deer
cervus sika,Japanese deer
cervus unicolor,sambar
ceryle alcyon,belted kingfisher
cesar chavez,Chavez
cesar estrada chavez,Chavez
cesar franck,Franck
cesar ritz,Ritz
cesare borgia,Borgia
cesarean delivery,caesarean delivery
cesarean section,cesarean delivery
cesarian section,cesarean delivery
cesium,caesium
cessation,surcease
cession,ceding
cesspit,cesspool
cesspool,cesspit
cestode,tapeworm
cestrum diurnum,day jessamine
cestrum nocturnum,night jasmine
cestum veneris,Venus's girdle
cetacean mammal,cetacean
cetchup,catsup
ceterach officinarum,scale fern
cetonia aurata,rose chafer
cetorhinus maximus,basking shark
cetraria islandica,Iceland moss
cewa,Chewa
ceylon cinnamon,cinnamon
ceylon cinnamon tree,cinnamon
ceylon gooseberry,ketembilla
cfc,chlorofluorocarbon
cfo,chief financial officer
cftr,cystic fibrosis transport regulator
cgs,cgs system
cgs system,cgs
ch'i,qi
ch'in,Qin
ch'in dynasty,Qin
ch'in shih huang ti,Qin Shi Huang Ti
ch'ing,Qing
ch'ing dynasty,Qing
cha-cha,cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-cha,cha-cha
chabad,Lubavitch
chabad-lubavitch,Lubavitch
chabad hasidism,Chabad
chabasite,chabazite
chabazite,chabasite
chachka,tsatske
chacma,chacma baboon
chacma baboon,chacma
chad,Lake Chad
chadar,chador
chaddar,chador
chadic,Chad
chadic language,Chad
chadlock,field mustard
chador,chadar
chaenomeles japonica,japonica
chaenomeles speciosa,Japanese quince
chaenopsis ocellata,bluethroat pikeblenny
chaetodipterus faber,spadefish
chaetognath,arrowworm
chafe,annoyance
chafeweed,wood cudweed
chaff,husk
chaffinch,Fringilla coelebs
chaffweed,bastard pimpernel
chaga,Kichaga
chagga,Kichaga
chagrin,humiliation
chahta,Choctaw
chaim azriel weizmann,Weizmann
chaim soutine,Soutine
chaim weizmann,Weizmann
chain,concatenation
chain armor,chain mail
chain armour,chain mail
chain lightning,forked lightning
chain mail,ring mail
chain of mountains,range
chain pickerel,chain pike
chain pike,chain pickerel
chain reactor,atomic pile
chain saw,chainsaw
chains,irons
chainsaw,chain saw
chair,professorship
chair car,parlor car
chair lift,chairlift
chairlift,chair lift
chairman,president
chairperson,president
chairwoman,president
chaise,chaise longue
chaise longue,chaise
chaja,Chauna torquata
chalazion,Meibomian cyst
chalcanthite,blue vitriol
chalcedony,calcedony
chalcid,chalcid fly
chalcid fly,chalcidfly
chalcid wasp,chalcid fly
chalcidae,Chalcididae
chalcidfly,chalcid fly
chalcocite,copper glance
chalcopyrite,copper pyrites
chaldaea,Chaldea
chalice,goblet
chalice vine,trumpet flower
chalk,methamphetamine
chalk line,snap line
chalk pit,chalkpit
chalkboard,blackboard
chalkpit,chalk pit
chalkstone,tophus
challah,hallah
challenger,rival
chalons-sur-marne,Chalons
chalybite,siderite
chamaea fasciata,wren-tit
chamaecrista fasciculata,partridge pea
chamaecyparis lawsoniana,Oregon cedar
chamaecyparis nootkatensis,yellow cypress
chamaecyparis thyoides,southern white cedar
chamaecytisus palmensis,tagasaste
chamaedaphne calyculata,leatherleaf
chamaeleo chamaeleon,African chameleon
chamaeleo oweni,horned chameleon
chamaeleonidae,Chamaeleontidae
chamaemelum nobilis,chamomile
chamber,bedroom
chambered nautilus,pearly nautilus
chambermaid,fille de chambre
chamberpot,potty
chameleon,Chamaeleon
chamfer,bevel
chamfron,chanfron
chammy,chamois
chammy leather,chamois
chamois,chamois leather
chamois cress,Pritzelago alpina
chamois leather,chamois
chamomile,camomile
champ,champion
champagne,bubbly
champagne-ardenne,Champagne
champagne flute,flute
champaign,plain
champion lode,mother lode
championship,title
chanal,chanar
chanar,chanal
chance-half correlation,split-half correlation
chance event,accident
chance variable,random variable
chancel,sanctuary
chancellor,Chancellor of the Exchequer
chancery,court of chancery
chandelier,pendant
chanfron,chamfron
chang,Chang Jiang
chang kuo-lao,Chang Kuo
changan,Xian
change,alteration
change-of-pace,change-up
change-of-pace ball,change-up
change-up,change-of-pace
change of direction,reorientation
change of life,menopause
change of location,travel
change of mind,reversal
changeability,changeableness
changeableness,changeability
changefulness,inconstancy
changelessness,unchangeability
changeling,idiot
changeover,conversion
changer,modifier
changjiang,Chang Jiang
channel,transmission channel
channel bass,red drum
channel cat,channel catfish
channel catfish,channel cat
channel tunnel,chunnel
channelisation,channelization
channelization,channelisation
channels,channel
channukah,Hanukkah
channukkah,Hanukkah
chanoyu,tea ceremony
chantarelle,chanterelle
chanter,melody pipe
chanterelle,chantarelle
chantey,chanty
chanting,intonation
chanty,chantey
chanukah,Hanukkah
chanukkah,Hanukkah
chaos,pandemonium
chaotic attractor,strange attractor
chap,fellow
chaparral,scrub
chaparral broom,coyote brush
chaparral cock,roadrunner
chaparral mallow,Malacothamnus fasciculatus
chaparral pea,stingaree-bush
chaparral sage,purple sage
chapati,chapatti
chapatti,chapati
chapeau,hat
chapel,chapel service
chapel service,chapel
chapelgoer,Nonconformist
chaperon,chaperone
chaperone,chaperon
chapiter,capital
chaplaincy,chaplainship
chaplainship,chaplaincy
chaplet,wreath
chapterhouse,fraternity house
char,charwoman
charabanc,bus
characid,characin
characin,characin fish
characin fish,characin
character,fictional character
character-at-a-time printer,character printer
character assassination,assassination
character printer,character-at-a-time printer
character reference,character
characterisation,word picture
characterisic function,characteristic curve
characteristic curve,characterisic function
characteristic root of a square matrix,eigenvalue
characterization,word picture
charade,parody
charades,parody
charadrius melodus,piping plover
charadrius morinellus,dotterel
charadrius vociferus,killdeer
charcoal gray,charcoal
charcoal grey,charcoal
chard,Swiss chard
chard plant,chard
chardonnay grape,Chardonnay
charge,complaint
charge account,credit account
charge account credit,open-end credit
charge card,credit card
charge per unit,rate
charge plate,credit card
charge sheet,blotter
charge unit,quantity unit
chargeman,blaster
charger,courser
chari,Shari
chari river,Shari
charina bottae,rubber boa
chariness,wariness
charioteer,Auriga
charisma,personal appeal
charitable trust,public trust
charity,brotherly love
charity case,welfare case
charity shot,foul shot
charity throw,foul shot
charity toss,foul shot
charivari,shivaree
charlatan,mountebank
charlatanism,quackery
charles's law,Gay-Lussac's law
charles's wain,Big Dipper
charles a. lindbergh,Lindbergh
charles andre joseph marie de gaulle,de Gaulle
charles augustin de coulomb,Coulomb
charles augustus lindbergh,Lindbergh
charles baudelaire,Baudelaire
charles bullfinch,Bullfinch
charles camille saint-saens,Saint-Saens
charles christopher parker,Parker
charles cornwallis,Cornwallis
charles dana gibson,Gibson
charles darwin,Darwin
charles de gaulle,de Gaulle
charles dickens,Dickens
charles digby harrod,Harrod
charles dillon stengel,Stengel
charles dodgson,Carroll
charles dudley warner,Warner
charles eames,Eames
charles edouard jeanneret,Le Corbusier
charles edward berry,Berry
charles edward ives,Ives
charles evans hughes,Hughes
charles farrar browne,Browne
charles follen mckim,McKim
charles fourier,Fourier
charles francis hall,Hall
charles francois gounod,Gounod
charles franklin kettering,Kettering
charles frederick menninger,Menninger
charles frederick worth,Worth
charles goodyear,Goodyear
charles grey,Grey
charles hard townes,Townes
charles hardin holley,Holly
charles henry harrod,Harrod
charles herbert best,Best
charles i,Charles
charles ii,Charles
charles ix,Charles
charles james fox,Fox
charles john huffam dickens,Dickens
charles joseph clark,Clark
charles kay ogden,Ogden
charles kettering,Kettering
charles l'enfant,L'Enfant
charles lamb,Lamb
charles laughton,Laughton
charles lindbergh,Lindbergh
charles liston,Liston
charles louis de secondat,Montesquieu
charles louis napoleon bonaparte,Napoleon III
charles lutwidge dodgson,Carroll
charles m. schulz,Schulz
charles martin hall,Hall
charles maurice de talleyrand,Talleyrand
charles menninger,Menninger
charles munroe schulz,Schulz
charles peirce,Peirce
charles percy snow,Snow
charles pierre baudelaire,Baudelaire
charles proteus steinmetz,Steinmetz
charles ringling,Ringling
charles river,Charles
charles robert darwin,Darwin
charles robert redford,Redford
charles sanders peirce,Peirce
charles schulz,Schulz
charles stewart parnell,Parnell
charles stuart,Charles
charles taze russell,Russell
charles the bald,Charles
charles the great,Charlemagne
charles thomson rees wilson,Wilson
charles townes,Townes
charles vii,Charles
charles watson-wentworth,Rockingham
charles wesley,Wesley
charles wilkes,Wilkes
charles william post,Post
charley-horse,charley horse
charley horse,charley-horse
charlie chaplin,Chaplin
charlie parker,Parker
charlock,field mustard
charlotte anna perkins gilman,Gilman
charlotte bronte,Bronte
charlotte corday,Corday
charm,appeal
charmer,smoothie
charnel house,charnel
charr,char
charronia flavigula,yellow-throated marten
charwoman,char
chase,pursuit
chased,pursued
chaser,pursuer
chasid,Hasid
chasidim,Hasidim
chasidism,Hasidism
chasse,sashay
chassid,Hasid
chassidim,Hasidim
chassidism,Hasidism
chassis,human body
chasteness,restraint
chastening,correction
chastisement,castigation
chastity,celibacy
chat,confab
chat room,chatroom
chat show,talk show
chateau-thierry,Battle of the Marne
chateura pelagica,chimney swift
chatroom,chat room
chattahoochee river,Chattahoochee
chattel,personal chattel
chatter,yak
chatterbox,stream orchid
chatterer,babbler
chattering,chatter
chaulmoogra,chaulmoogra tree
chaulmoogra tree,chaulmoogra
chaulmugra,chaulmoogra
chauna torquata,chaja
chauvinism,jingoism
chauvinist,jingoist
chaw,chew
chawbacon,yokel
che guevara,Guevara
cheap-jack,huckster
cheapness,bargain rate
cheapskate,tightwad
cheat,darnel
cheater,deceiver
cheatgrass,downy brome
chechen republic,Chechnya
chechenia,Chechnya
check,bank check
check-out procedure,check
check bit,parity bit
check girl,hatcheck girl
check mark,check
check overdraft credit,overdraft credit
check stub,stub
checkbook,chequebook
checker,chequer
checker board,checkerboard
checkerberry,teaberry
checkerbloom,wild hollyhock
checkerboard,checker board
checkered adder,milk snake
checkered daffodil,snake's head fritillary
checkered lily,fritillary
checkered whiptail,Cnemidophorus tesselatus
checkers,draughts
checking account,chequing account
checkmate,mate
checkout,check
checkout counter,checkout
checkout time,checkout
checkrein,bearing rein
checkroom,left-luggage office
checkup,medical checkup
cheddar cheese,cheddar
cheddar pink,Diangus gratianopolitanus
cheek,impudence
cheek muscle,buccinator muscle
cheekbone,zygomatic bone
cheekiness,crust
cheep,peep
cheer,cheerfulness
cheerfulness,cheer
cheerio,adieu
cheerlessness,uncheerfulness
cheese,tall mallow
cheese tray,cheeseboard
cheeseboard,cheese tray
cheeseflower,tall mallow
cheetah,chetah
cheewink,chewink
chef-d'oeuvre,masterpiece
cheilanthes alabamensis,smooth lip fern
cheilanthes eatonii,southwestern lip fern
cheilanthes gracillima,lace fern
cheilanthes lanosa,wooly lip fern
cheiloschisis,cleft lip
cheilosis,perleche
cheiranthus allionii,Siberian wall flower
cheiranthus asperus,western wall flower
cheiranthus cheiri,wallflower
chekov,Chekhov
chela,claw
chelate compound,chelate
chelidonium majus,celandine
chelifer cancroides,book scorpion
cheloid,keloid
chelone glabra,shellflower
chelonia mydas,green turtle
chelonian reptile,chelonian
chelonidae,Cheloniidae
chelydra serpentina,common snapping turtle
chem lab,chemistry lab
chemical action,chemical process
chemical analysis,qualitative analysis
chemical attraction,affinity
chemical balance,analytical balance
chemical bomb,gas bomb
chemical bond,bond
chemical chain,chain
chemical change,chemical process
chemical compound,compound
chemical decomposition reaction,decomposition
chemical defence,chemical defense
chemical defense,chemical defence
chemical diabetes,latent diabetes
chemical element,element
chemical equilibrium,equilibrium
chemical formula,formula
chemical group,group
chemical mace,Mace
chemical mechanism,mechanism
chemical operations,chemical warfare
chemical process,chemical change
chemical reaction,reaction
chemical science,chemistry
chemical substance,chemical
chemical warfare,chemical operations
chemin de fer,baccarat
chemise,shimmy
chemisorption,chemosorption
chemist,pharmacist
chemist's,drugstore
chemist's shop,drugstore
chemistry,chemical science
chemistry department,department of chemistry
chemistry lab,chemistry laboratory
chemistry laboratory,chemistry lab
chemoimmunology,immunochemistry
chemosorption,chemisorption
chemulpo,Inchon
chen caerulescens,blue goose
chen n. yang,Yang Chen Ning
chenfish,white croaker
chenille,chenille cord
chenille cord,chenille
chenopodiales,Caryophyllales
chenopodium album,lamb's-quarters
chenopodium ambrosioides,American wormseed
chenopodium bonus-henricus,good-king-henry
chenopodium botrys,Jerusalem oak
chenopodium capitatum,strawberry blite
chenopodium glaucum,oak-leaved goosefoot
chenopodium hybridum,sowbane
chenopodium murale,nettle-leaved goosefoot
chenopodium rubrum,red goosefoot
chenopodium vulvaria,stinking goosefoot
cheque,check
chequebook,checkbook
chequer,checker
chequing account,checking account
cheremiss,Cheremis
cherimolla,cherimoya
cherimoya,cherimoya tree
cherimoya tree,cherimoya
chermidae,Psyllidae
cherry apple,Siberian crab
cherry birch,sweet birch
cherry crab,Siberian crab
cherry laurel,laurel cherry
cherry pepper,Capsicum annuum cerasiforme
cherry plum,myrobalan
cherry red,cerise
cherry tomato,Lycopersicon esculentum cerasiforme
cherry tree,cherry
cherrystone,cherrystone clam
cherrystone clam,cherrystone
chervil,beaked parsley
chess,cheat
chess board,chessboard
chess game,chess
chess opening,opening
chess piece,chessman
chessboard,chess board
chessman,chess piece
chest,thorax
chest cavity,thoracic cavity
chest of drawers,chest
chest register,chest voice
chest tone,chest register
chest voice,chest register
chester a. arthur,Arthur
chester alan arthur,Arthur
chester nimitz,Nimitz
chester william nimitz,Nimitz
chestnut-bark disease,chestnut blight
chestnut blight,chestnut canker
chestnut canker,chestnut blight
chestnut tree,chestnut
chetah,cheetah
cheval-de-frise,chevaux-de-frise
chevalier de bayard,Bayard
chevalier de lamarck,Lamarck
chevaux-de-frise,cheval-de-frise
cheviot hills,Cheviots
chevre,goat cheese
chevron,stripe
chevrotain,mouse deer
chew,chaw
chewing,chew
chewing gum,gum
chewing out,castigation
chewink,cheewink
cheyne-stokes respiration,periodic breathing
chi,qi
chiang chung-cheng,Chiang Kai-shek
chiasm,chiasma
chiasma,chiasm
chiasma opticum,optic chiasma
chicane,trickery
chicanery,trickery
chicha,hookah
chichewa,Chewa
chichipe,Lemaireocereus chichipe
chick,biddy
chickasaw plum,hog plum
chicken breast,pigeon breast
chicken broth,chicken stock
chicken cacciatora,chicken cacciatore
chicken cacciatore,chicken cacciatora
chicken coop,coop
chicken drumstick,chicken leg
chicken feed,scratch
chicken hawk,hen hawk
chicken leg,chicken drumstick
chicken louse,shaft louse
chicken paprika,chicken paprikash
chicken paprikash,chicken paprika
chicken purloo,purloo
chicken roundworm,Ascaridia galli
chicken run,chicken yard
chicken stock,chicken broth
chicken yard,hen yard
chickenfeed,small change
chickenpox,varicella
chickeree,Douglas squirrel
chickpea,garbanzo
chickpea plant,chickpea
chickweed,mouse-ear chickweed
chickweed phlox,sand phlox
chicle,chicle gum
chicle gum,chicle
chicness,chic
chico,Marx
chicory,chicory root
chicory escarole,endive
chicory plant,chicory
chicory root,chicory
chicot,Kentucky coffee tree
chiding,scolding
chief assistant,right-hand man
chief executive,President of the United States
chief executive officer,CEO
chief financial officer,CFO
chief joseph,Joseph
chief of state,head of state
chief operating officer,chief executive officer
chieftain,captain
chieftaincy,chieftainship
chieftainship,chieftaincy
chiffonier,commode
chigetai,dziggetai
chigger,chigoe
chigger flower,butterfly weed
chiggerflower,butterfly weed
chigoe,chigger
chigoe flea,chigoe
chilblain,chilblains
chilblains,chilblain
child,kid
child's play,cinch
child care,childcare
child molester,pederast
child pornography,kiddie porn
child prodigy,infant prodigy
child psychology,developmental psychology
child welfare agency,child welfare service
child welfare service,child welfare agency
childbed,parturiency
childbed fever,puerperal fever
childbirth,childbearing
childcare,child care
childe hassam,Hassam
childhood,puerility
childishness,puerility
chile hazel,Chilean nut
chile nut,Chilean nut
chile pine,monkey puzzle
chile tarweed,melosa
chilean bonito,Chile bonito
chilean flameflower,Chilean firebush
chilean hazelnut,Chilean nut
chilean strawberry,beach strawberry
chili,chili con carne
chili con carne,chili
chili pepper,cayenne
chiliad,thousand
chiliasm,millenarianism
chiliast,millenarian
chill,iciness
chiller,hair-raiser
chilli,chili
chilli pepper,cayenne
chilliness,coolness
chills and fever,ague
chilomeniscus cinctus,banded sand snake
chilopsis linearis,desert willow
chiluba,Luba
chimaera,Chimera
chimaera monstrosa,rabbitfish
chimaphila corymbosa,love-in-winter
chimaphila umbellata,love-in-winter
chime,bell
chimney,lamp chimney
chimney bellflower,chimney plant
chimney corner,inglenook
chimney plant,chimney bellflower
chimney swallow,chimney swift
chimney swift,chimney swallow
chimneypiece,mantel
chimneysweep,chimneysweeper
chimneysweeper,chimneysweep
chimonanthus praecox,Japan allspice
chimp,chimpanzee
chimpanzee,chimp
chin,mentum
chin-up,pull-up
chin-wag,chitchat
chin-wagging,chitchat
chin music,prate
chin wag,chitchat
chin wagging,chitchat
china cabinet,china closet
china clay,china stone
china closet,china cabinet
china fleece vine,silver lace vine
china grass,ramie
china jute,velvetleaf
china pink,rainbow pink
china stone,china clay
chinaberry,China tree
chinaberry tree,chinaberry
chinaman,chink
chinaware,china
chincapin,chinkapin
chinch,bedbug
chinch bug,Blissus leucopterus
chincherinchee,wonder flower
chinchilla,Chinchilla laniger
chinchilla laniger,chinchilla
chinchilla rat,abrocome
chinchillon,viscacha
chinchona,cinchona
chinese angelica tree,Chinese angelica
chinese anise,star anise
chinese black mushroom,shiitake
chinese celery,Chinese cabbage
chinese chequers,Chinese checkers
chinese chive,garlic chive
chinese cinnamon,cassia bark
chinese date,jujube
chinese elm,Siberian elm
chinese fried rice,fried rice
chinese hibiscus,China rose
chinese jujube,jujube
chinese lacquer tree,varnish tree
chinese magnolia,saucer magnolia
chinese mushroom,straw mushroom
chinese mustard,indian mustard
chinese parasol,Chinese parasol tree
chinese parsley,coriander
chinese scholar tree,Japanese pagoda tree
chinese scholartree,Japanese pagoda tree
chinese shan,Tai Nuea
chinese silk plant,ramie
chinese water chestnut,water chestnut
chinese white,zinc white
chinese white cabbage,bok choy
chinese wood oil,tung oil
chinese yam,cinnamon vine
chingpo,Jinghpo
chink,Chinaman
chinkapin,chincapin
chinkapin oak,chinquapin oak
chinook,chinook wind
chinook salmon,chinook
chinook wind,chinook
chinquapin,Ozark chinkapin
chinquapin oak,chinkapin oak
chiococca alba,blolly
chionanthus virginicus,fringe bush
chionochloa conspicua,toetoe
chip,bit
chip shot,chip
chipboard,hardboard
chippewa,Ojibwa
chippewaian,Chipewyan
chippewyan,Chipewyan
chipping,chip
chipping sparrow,Spizella passerina
chips,french fries
chirocephalus,Artemia
chirography,calligraphy
chirology,palmistry
chiromancer,palmist
chiromancy,palmistry
chiropodist,foot doctor
chiropody,podiatry
chiropteran,bat
chirrup,twitter
chiseler,swindler
chiseller,swindler
chisinau,Kishinev
chislev,Kislev
chit,check
chit-chat,chitchat
chit chat,chitchat
chitchat,chit-chat
chitlings,chitterlings
chitlins,chitterlings
chiton,coat-of-mail shell
chittam bark,cascara
chittamwood,cascara buckthorn
chittem bark,cascara
chitterlings,chitlins
chittimwood,cascara buckthorn
chivalry,gallantry
chivaree,shivaree
chive,chives
chives,chive
chlamydera nuchalis,great bowerbird
chlamydosaurus kingi,frilled lizard
chlamyphore,pichiciago
chlamyphorus truncatus,pichiciago
chlamys,perianth
chloasma,melasma
chloe anthony wofford,Morrison
chlor-trimeton,chlorpheniramine maleate
chlorambucil,Leukeran
chloramine,chloramine-T
chloramine-t,chloramine
chloramphenicol,Chloromycetin
chlordiazepoxide,Librium
chloride of lime,bleaching powder
chlorinated lime,bleaching powder
chlorine,Cl
chloris gayana,Rhodes grass
chloris truncata,windmill grass
chloroacetophenone,CN gas
chlorobenzylidenemalononitrile,CS gas
chlorofluorocarbon,CFC
chloroform,trichloromethane
chlorofucin,chlorophyll c
chlorohydric acid,hydrochloric acid
chloromycetin,chloramphenicol
chlorophoneus nigrifrons,black-fronted bush shrike
chlorophyl,chlorophyll
chlorophyll,chlorophyl
chlorophyll c,chlorofucin
chlorophyte,green algae
chloropicrin,nitrochloroform
chlorosis,greensickness
chlorothiazide,Diuril
chloroxylon swietenia,satinwood
chlorpheniramine maleate,Coricidin
chlorpromazine,Thorazine
chlortetracycline,Aureomycin
chlorthalidone,Hygroton
chlorura chlorura,green-tailed towhee
choanocyte,collar cell
chocolate,cocoa
chocolate chip cookie,Toll House cookie
chocolate root,water avens
chocolate sauce,chocolate syrup
chocolate syrup,chocolate sauce
chocolate tree,cacao
chocolate truffle,truffle
choeronycteris mexicana,hognose bat
choice morsel,tidbit
choice of words,wording
choiceness,fineness
choir,consort
choir school,schola cantorum
choirmaster,precentor
choke,choke coil
choke coil,choke
choke hold,chokehold
chokecherry,chokecherry tree
chokecherry tree,chokecherry
chokedamp,blackdamp
chokehold,stranglehold
chokepoint,constriction
choker,garroter
chokey,choky
choking,strangling
choking coil,choke
cholecalciferol,vitamin D
choler,irritability
cholera,Asiatic cholera
cholera morbus,collywobbles
cholestasis,acholia
cholesterin,cholesterol
cholesterol,cholesterin
cholesterosis cutis,xanthomatosis
cholla,Opuntia cholla
choloepus didactylus,two-toed sloth
choloepus hoffmanni,two-toed sloth
chomp,bite
chondrichthian,cartilaginous fish
chondriosome,mitochondrion
chondrodystrophy,achondroplasia
chondrus crispus,Irish moss
chooser,picker
chop,chop shot
chop-suey greens,tong ho
chop shot,chop
chop steak,chopped steak
chophouse,steakhouse
chopine,platform
chopped steak,chop steak
chopper,chop
choppiness,roughness
chopping board,cutting board
chopsteak,chopped steak
chorale,choral
chordamesoderm,chordomesoderm
chordomesoderm,chordamesoderm
chore,job
chorea,canine chorea
choreography,stage dancing
chorine,chorus girl
chorioallantoic membrane,chorioallantois
chorioallantois,chorioallantoic membrane
chorionic villus biopsy,chorionic villus sampling
chorionic villus sampling,chorionic villus biopsy
choriotis australis,plain turkey
chorizagrotis auxiliaris,army cutworm
choroid,choroid coat
choroid coat,choroid
choroid plexus,plexus choroideus
choroid vein,vena choroidea
choroidal artery,arteria choroidea
chortle,chuckle
chorus,refrain
chorus girl,showgirl
chorus line,chorus
chou,Zhou
chou dynasty,Zhou
chou en-lai,Zhou En-lai
chow,Zhou
chow chow,chow
chow dynasty,Zhou
chris evert,Evert
chrism,chrisom
chrisom,chrism
chrissie evert,Evert
christ,Jesus
christ's resurrection,Resurrection
christ plant,crown of thorns
christ thorn,crown of thorns
christ within,Inner Light
christiaan eijkman,Eijkman
christiaan huygens,Huygens
christian bible,Bible
christian church,church
christian dior,Dior
christian friedrich hebbel,Hebbel
christian friedrich schonbein,Schonbein
christian huygens,Huygens
christian johann doppler,Doppler
christian religion,Christianity
christian schonbein,Schonbein
christian year,church year
christiania,Oslo
christianisation,Christianization
christine marie evert,Evert
christmas berry,Christmasberry
christmas carol,carol
christmas day,Christmas
christmas disease,hemophilia B
christmas flower,poinsettia
christmas gift,Christmas present
christmas green,ground pine
christmas holly,American holly
christmas pudding,plum pudding
christmas star,poinsettia
christmas tree,Christmas bush
christmastide,Christmas
christmastime,Christmas
christoph willibald von gluck,Gluck
christopher carson,Carson
christopher columbus,Columbus
christopher fry,Fry
christopher isherwood,Isherwood
christopher marlowe,Marlowe
christopher william bradshaw isherwood,Isherwood
chroma,saturation
chromaesthesia,chromesthesia
chromatic color,chromatic colour
chromatic colour,chromatic color
chromatic vision,color vision
chromaticity,hue
chromatin,chromatin granule
chromatin granule,chromatin
chromatography column,column
chrome-nickel steel,Elinvar
chromesthesia,chromaesthesia
chromium,Cr
chromium steel,stainless steel
chromosomal aberration,chromosomal anomaly
chromosomal anomaly,chromosomal aberration
chromosomal mutation,mutation
chromosome mapping,mapping
chromosonal disorder,chromosomal aberration
chronic eczema,lichtenoid eczema
chronic glaucoma,open-angle glaucoma
chronic kidney failure,chronic renal failure
chronic myelocytic leukemia,myeloid leukemia
chronic renal failure,chronic kidney failure
chronicle,history
chronological record,annals
chronological sequence,sequence
chronological succession,sequence
chrosomal abnormality,chromosomal aberration
chrysanthemum balsamita,costmary
chrysanthemum cinerariifolium,pyrethrum
chrysanthemum coccineum,painted daisy
chrysanthemum coronarium,crown daisy
chrysanthemum coronarium spatiosum,chop-suey greens
chrysanthemum dog,Tibetan terrier
chrysanthemum frutescens,marguerite
chrysanthemum lacustre,Pyrenees daisy
chrysanthemum leucanthemum,oxeye daisy
chrysanthemum maximum,oxeye daisy
chrysanthemum maximum maximum,shasta daisy
chrysanthemum morifolium,florist's chrysanthemum
chrysanthemum parthenium,feverfew
chrysanthemum ptarmiciflorum,dusty miller
chrysanthemum segetum,corn marigold
chrysarobin,araroba
chrysemys picta,painted turtle
chrysobalanus icaco,coco plum
chrysolepis chrysophylla,giant chinkapin
chrysolepis sempervirens,dwarf golden chinkapin
chrysolophus pictus,golden pheasant
chrysomelid,leaf beetle
chrysophrys auratus,snapper
chrysophrys australis,black bream
chrysophyllum cainito,star apple
chrysophyllum oliviforme,satinleaf
chrysopid,green lacewing
chrysopsis mariana,Maryland golden aster
chrysopsis villosa,hairy golden aster
chrysosplenium americanum,water carpet
chrysothamnus nauseosus,rabbit brush
chu kiang,Zhu Jiang
chub,Leuciscus cephalus
chub mackerel,tinker
chubbiness,pudginess
chuck,chow
chuck-will's-widow,Caprimulgus carolinensis
chuck berry,Berry
chucker-out,bouncer
chuckhole,pothole
chuckle,chortle
chuckwalla,Sauromalus obesus
chuddar,chador
chufa,yellow nutgrass
chukchi language,Chukchi
chukka,chukker
chukka boot,chukka
chukker,chukka
chum,buddy
chum salmon,chum
chumminess,camaraderie
chump,fool
chump change,small change
chunga,seriema
chunga burmeisteri,chunga
chungking,Chongqing
chunk,ball
chunking,unitization
chunnel,Channel Tunnel
church,Christian church
church bench,pew
church building,church
church calendar,ecclesiastical calendar
church doctrine,religious doctrine
church festival,religious festival
church member,churchgoer
church mode,ecclesiastical mode
church music,religious music
church of christ scientist,Christian Science
church of england,Anglican Church
church of rome,Roman Catholic
church of scientology,Scientology
church property,spiritualty
church school,parochial school
church service,church
church slavic,Old Church Slavonic
church year,Christian year
churchgoer,church member
churchman,cleric
churchyard,God's acre
churl,peasant
churn,butter churn
chute,parachute
chute-the-chute,roller coaster
chutney,Indian relish
chutzpa,chutzpah
chutzpah,chutzpa
chyloderma,elephantiasis scroti
chymosin,rennin
cia,Central Intelligence Agency
cialis,tadalafil
ciao,aloha
cibotium barometz,Scythian lamb
cicada,cicala
cicada killer,Sphecius speciosis
cicala,cicada
cicatrice,scar
cicatrix,scar
cicer arietinum,chickpea
cichlid,cichlid fish
cichlid fish,cichlid
cichorium endivia,endive
cichorium intybus,chicory
cicily isabel fairfield,West
ciconia ciconia,white stork
ciconia nigra,black stork
cicuta verosa,water hemlock
cid,Criminal Investigation Command
cidade de praia,Praia
cider,cyder
cider gum,Eucalypt gunnii
cigar lighter,cigarette lighter
cigaret,cigarette
cigarette,cigaret
cigarette lighter,cigar lighter
cigarette paper,rolling paper
cigarfish,round scad
cilantro,coriander
ciliary artery,arteria ciliaris
ciliary veins,venae ciliares
ciliated protozoan,ciliate
cilioflagellata,Dinoflagellata
ciliophora,Ciliata
ciliophoran,ciliate
cilium,eyelash
cim,Central Intelligence Machinery
cimarron river,Cimarron
cimetidine,Tagamet
cimex lectularius,bedbug
cimicifuga americana,American bugbane
cimicifuga foetida,fetid bugbane
cimicifuga racemosa,black cohosh
cinch,breeze
cinchona,cinchona bark
cinchona bark,cinchona
cinchona calisaya,calisaya
cinchona cordifolia,Cartagena bark
cinchona lancifolia,Cartagena bark
cinchona ledgeriana,calisaya
cinchona officinalis,calisaya
cinchona pubescens,cinchona tree
cinchona tree,Cinchona pubescens
cinclus aquaticus,European water ouzel
cinclus mexicanus,American water ouzel
cincture,girdle
cinder,clinker
cinder block,clinker block
cine-camera,motion-picture camera
cine-film,motion-picture film
cine projector,movie projector
cinema,film
cinematographer,cameraman
cinematography,filming
cineraria,Pericallis cruenta
cineraria maritima,dusty miller
cinerarium,columbarium
cingulate gyrus,gyrus cinguli
cinnabar chanterelle,Cantharellus cinnabarinus
cinnabar moth,cinnabar
cinnamene,styrene
cinnamomum camphora,camphor tree
cinnamomum cassia,cassia
cinnamomum loureirii,Saigon cinnamon
cinnamomum zeylanicum,cinnamon
cinnamon,cinnamon bark
cinnamon bark,cinnamon
cinnamon bun,cinnamon roll
cinnamon fern,fiddlehead
cinnamon roll,cinnamon bun
cinnamon snail,cinnamon roll
cinnamon stone,essonite
cinnamon vine,Chinese yam
cinque,five
cinquefoil,five-finger
cio,Congress of Industrial Organizations
cipher,cypher
cipro,ciprofloxacin
ciprofloxacin,Cipro
cira,Continuity Irish Republican Army
circaea alpina,Alpine enchanter's nightshade
circassian walnut,English walnut
circis siliquastrum,Judas tree
circle,set
circle of curvature,osculating circle
circuit,electrical circuit
circuit board,circuit card
circuit breaker,breaker
circuit card,circuit board
circular file,wastepaper basket
circular function,trigonometric function
circular plane,compass plane
circular saw,buzz saw
circularisation,circularization
circularity,disk shape
circularization,circularisation
circulating decimal,recurring decimal
circulating library,lending library
circulatory system,cardiovascular system
circumference,perimeter
circumflex artery of the thigh,arteria circumflexa femoris
circumflex femoral vein,vena circumflexus femoris
circumflex humeral artery,arteria circumflexa humeri
circumflex iliac artery,arteria circumflexa ilium
circumflex iliac vein,vena circumflexa ilium
circumflex scapular artery,arteria circumflexa scapulae
circumflex vein,vena circumflexa
circumlocution,periphrasis
circumspection,discretion
circumstance,context
circumstances,fortune
circumstantial evidence,indirect evidence
circus,carnival
circus aeruginosus,marsh harrier
circus cyaneus,marsh hawk
circus pygargus,Montagu's harrier
circus tent,big top
cirio,boojum tree
cirque,corrie
cirrhosis,cirrhosis of the liver
cirrhosis of the liver,cirrhosis
cirrhus,cirrus
cirriped,barnacle
cirripede,barnacle
cirrocumulus,cirrocumulus cloud
cirrocumulus cloud,cirrocumulus
cirrostratus,cirrostratus cloud
cirrostratus cloud,cirrostratus
cirrus,cirrhus
cirrus cloud,cirrus
cirsium arvense,Canada thistle
cirsium discolor,field thistle
cirsium eriophorum,European woolly thistle
cirsium flodmanii,woolly thistle
cirsium helenioides,melancholy thistle
cirsium heterophylum,melancholy thistle
cirsium lanceolatum,bull thistle
cirsium rivulare,brook thistle
cirsium vulgare,bull thistle
cis,Commonwealth of Independent States
cisc,Criminal Intelligence Services of Canada
cisco,lake herring
cistercian,Trappist
cistern,cisterna
cisterna,cistern
cistothorus palustris,long-billed marsh wren
cistothorus platensis,sedge wren
cistron,gene
cistus albidus,white-leaved rockrose
cistus ladanifer,common gum cistus
cistus ladanum,common gum cistus
citadel,bastion
citation,commendation
citation form,main entry word
cite,citation
citellus citellus,suslik
citellus lateralis,mantled ground squirrel
citellus leucurus,antelope squirrel
citellus parryi,Arctic ground squirrel
citellus richardsoni,flickertail
citellus variegatus,rock squirrel
citharichthys cornutus,horned whiff
cither,zither
cithern,cittern
citizen genet,Genet
citizenry,people
citizens committee,committee
citole,cittern
citrange,citrange tree
citrange tree,citrange
citric acid cycle,Krebs cycle
citrin,vitamin P
citron,citron tree
citron tree,citron
citroncirus webberi,citrange
citronwood,sandarac
citrophilous mealybug,citrophilus mealybug
citrophilus mealybug,citrophilous mealybug
citrous fruit,citrus
citrullus vulgaris,watermelon
citrus,citrus fruit
citrus aurantifolia,lime
citrus aurantium,sour orange
citrus bergamia,bergamot
citrus decumana,pomelo
citrus fruit,citrus
citrus grandis,pomelo
citrus limetta,sweet lemon
citrus limon,lemon
citrus limonia,rangpur
citrus maxima,pomelo
citrus mealybug,Planococcus citri
citrus medica,citron
citrus nobilis,temple orange
citrus paradisi,grapefruit
citrus reticulata,mandarin
citrus sinensis,sweet orange
citrus tangelo,tangelo
citrus tree,citrus
citrus whitefly,Dialeurodes citri
citta del vaticano,Vatican City
cittern,cithern
city,metropolis
city-state,city state
city block,block
city boy,city slicker
city center,city centre
city centre,city center
city desk,city room
city limit,city limits
city limits,city limit
city manager,mayor
city of bridges,Bruges
city of brotherly love,Philadelphia
city of god,Celestial City
city of light,Paris
city of the angels,Los Angeles
city of westminster,Westminster
city planning,town planning
city room,city desk
city slicker,city boy
city state,city-state
ciudad de mexico,Mexico City
ciudad trujillo,Santo Domingo
cive,chives
civet,civet cat
civet bean,sieva bean
civet cat,bassarisk
civic center,community center
civic duty,civic responsibility
civic leader,civil leader
civic pride,civic spirit
civic responsibility,civic duty
civic spirit,civic pride
civies,civvies
civil authority,civil officer
civil day,calendar day
civil death,attainder
civil law,Roman law
civil leader,civic leader
civil liberty,political liberty
civil officer,civil authority
civil order,polity
civil rights activist,civil rights leader
civil rights leader,civil rights worker
civil rights worker,civil rights leader
civil time,standard time
civil wrong,tort
civil year,calendar year
civilian clothing,civilian dress
civilian dress,civilian clothing
civilian garb,civilian clothing
civilisation,civilization
civility,politeness
civilization,civilisation
civvies,civies
cjd,Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease
clack,clap
clack valve,clack
cladding,facing
cladistic analysis,cladistics
cladistics,cladistic analysis
cladode,cladophyll
cladonia rangiferina,reindeer moss
cladophyll,cladode
cladorhyncus leucocephalum,banded stilt
cladrastis kentukea,Kentucky yellowwood
cladrastis lutea,Kentucky yellowwood
claes oldenburg,Oldenburg
claes thure oldenburg,Oldenburg
claforan,cefotaxime
claim,title
claim agent,adjuster
claims adjuster,adjuster
claims adjustor,adjuster
clairvoyance,second sight
clam,dollar
clamminess,dankness
clammy chickweed,mouse-ear chickweed
clammy locust,Robinia viscosa
clammyweed,Polanisia graveolens
clamor,blare
clamoring,clamor
clamour,clamor
clamouring,clamor
clamp,clinch
clams,boodle
clamshell,grapple
clan,kin
clan member,clansman
clang,clangor
clangor,clang
clangoring,clang
clangour,clang
clangula hyemalis,old squaw
clank,clang
clannishness,cliquishness
clansman,clanswoman
clanswoman,clansman
clap,bang
clapboard,weatherboard
clapper,applauder
clapper valve,clack valve
clappers,bones
clapping,applause
claptrap,bombast
clara josephine schumann,Schumann
clare booth luce,Luce
clarence darrow,Darrow
clarence day,Day
clarence malcolm lowry,Lowry
clarence seward darrow,Darrow
clarence shepard day jr.,Day
claret,red Bordeaux
clarification,elucidation
clarified butter,drawn butter
clarinetist,clarinettist
clarinettist,clarinetist
clarity,lucidity
clark gable,Gable
clark standard cell,Clark cell
clary,Salvia sclarea
clary sage,Salvia clarea
clash,clang
clasp,clench
clasp knife,jackknife
class,category
class-action suit,class action
class acrasiomycetes,Acrasiomycetes
class actinozoa,Anthozoa
class action,class-action suit
class amphibia,amphibia
class angiospermae,Angiospermae
class anthoceropsida,Anthoceropsida
class anthozoa,Anthozoa
class aphasmidia,Aphasmidia
class arachnida,Arachnida
class archiannelida,Archiannelida
class ascidiaceae,Ascidiaceae
class ascomycetes,Ascomycetes
class asteroidea,Asteroidea
class aves,Aves
class bacillariophyceae,Bacillariophyceae
class basidiomycetes,Basidiomycetes
class bivalvia,Bivalvia
class bryopsida,Bryopsida
class cephalopoda,Cephalopoda
class cestoda,Cestoda
class channidae,Channidae
class charophyceae,Charophyceae
class chilopoda,Chilopoda
class chlorophyceae,Chlorophyceae
class chondrichthyes,Chondrichthyes
class chrysophyceae,Chrysophyceae
class chytridiomycetes,Chytridiomycetes
class ciliata,Ciliata
class ciliophora,Ciliata
class coniferopsida,Coniferopsida
class crinoidea,Crinoidea
class crustacea,Crustacea
class cryptophyceae,Cryptophyceae
class cyanophyceae,class Cyanobacteria
class cycadopsida,Cycadopsida
class cyclosporeae,Cyclosporeae
class deuteromycetes,Deuteromycetes
class diatomophyceae,Bacillariophyceae
class dicotyledonae,Dicotyledones
class dicotyledones,Dicotyledones
class diplopoda,Diplopoda
class echinoidea,Echinoidea
class equisetatae,Sphenopsida
class euglenophyceae,Euglenophyceae
class eumycetes,Eumycetes
class fellow,schoolmate
class filicinae,Filicopsida
class filicopsida,Filicopsida
class flagellata,Mastigophora
class gasteromycetes,Gasteromycetes
class gasteropoda,Gastropoda
class gastromycetes,Gasteromycetes
class gastropoda,Gastropoda
class ginkgophytina,Ginkgopsida
class ginkgopsida,Ginkgopsida
class gnetopsida,Gnetopsida
class gymnospermae,Gymnospermae
class hemiascomycetes,Hemiascomycetes
class hepaticae,Hepaticopsida
class hepaticopsida,Hepaticopsida
class heterokontae,Chrysophyceae
class hexapoda,Insecta
class hirudinea,Hirudinea
class holothuroidea,Holothuroidea
class hyalospongiae,Hyalospongiae
class hydrozoa,Hydrozoa
class hymenomycetes,Hymenomycetes
class insecta,Insecta
class lamellibranchia,Bivalvia
class larvacea,Larvacea
class liliopsida,Monocotyledones
class list,honours list
class lycopodiate,Lycopsida
class lycopodineae,Lycopodineae
class lycopsida,Lycopsida
class magnoliopsida,Dicotyledones
class mammalia,Mammalia
class mastigophora,Mastigophora
class merostomata,Merostomata
class monocotyledonae,Monocotyledones
class monocotyledones,Monocotyledones
class musci,Bryopsida
class myriapoda,Diplopoda
class myxomycetes,Myxomycetes
class nuda,Nuda
class oligochaeta,Oligochaeta
class onychophora,Onychophora
class oomycetes,Oomycetes
class ophiuroidea,Ophiuroidea
class osteichthyes,Osteichthyes
class pauropoda,Pauropoda
class pelecypoda,Bivalvia
class period,course session
class phaeophyceae,Phaeophyceae
class phasmidia,Phasmidia
class pinopsida,Pinopsida
class placodermi,Placodermi
class plectomycetes,Plectomycetes
class polychaeta,Polychaeta
class polyplacophora,Polyplacophora
class psilopsida,Psilopsida
class psilotatae,Psilopsida
class pteridospermopsida,Pteridospermopsida
class pyrenomycetes,Pyrenomycetes
class reptilia,Reptilia
class rhodophyceae,Rhodophyceae
class sarcodina,Sarcodina
class scaphopoda,Scaphopoda
class schizomycetes,Schizomycetes
class scyphozoa,Scyphozoa
class sphenopsida,Sphenopsida
class sporozoa,Sporozoa
class struggle,class war
class symphyla,Symphyla
class tardigrada,Tardigrada
class taxopsida,Taxopsida
class tentaculata,Tentaculata
class thaliacea,Thaliacea
class tiliomycetes,Tiliomycetes
class trematoda,Trematoda
class turbellaria,Turbellaria
class ulvophyceae,Ulvophyceae
class war,class struggle
class warfare,class struggle
class xanthophyceae,Xanthophyceae
class zygomycetes,Zygomycetes
classic hemochromatosis,idiopathic hemochromatosis
classical architecture,Greco-Roman architecture
classical greek,Attic
classical haemophilia,hemophilia A
classical hemophilia,hemophilia A
classical mechanics,Newtonian mechanics
classical music,classical
classical scholar,classicist
classicalism,classicism
classicism,classicalism
classicist,classical scholar
classics,classic
classification,categorization
classified ad,classified advertisement
classified advertisement,classified ad
classifying adjective,relational adjective
classmate,schoolmate
classroom,schoolroom
clatonia lanceolata,spring beauty
claude achille debussy,Debussy
claude bernard,Bernard
claude debussey,Debussy
claude e. shannon,Shannon
claude elwood shannon,Shannon
claude levi-strauss,Levi-Strauss
claude monet,Monet
claude shannon,Shannon
claudication,lameness
claudio monteverdi,Monteverdi
claudius i,Claudius
claudius ptolemaeus,Ptolemy
clause,article
claviceps purpurea,ergot
clavicle,collarbone
clavier,piano keyboard
clavus,corn
claw,hook
claw hammer,carpenter's hammer
clawfoot,pes cavus
clawhammer,carpenter's hammer
claxon,klaxon
clay,mud
clay-colored robin,Turdus greyi
clay sculpture,mold
claymore,claymore mine
claymore mine,claymore
claytonia caroliniana,Carolina spring beauty
claytonia virginica,Virginia spring beauty
clayware,pottery
clean and jerk,clean
clean room,white room
clean slate,fresh start
cleaner,cleansing agent
cleaners,dry cleaners
cleaning,cleansing
cleaning device,cleaning implement
cleaning equipment,cleaning implement
cleaning implement,cleaning device
cleaning lady,charwoman
cleaning woman,charwoman
cleanser,cleansing agent
cleansing agent,cleanser
cleanup,killing
cleanup position,cleanup
cleanup spot,cleanup
clear sailing,plain sailing
clearance,headroom
clearance sale,inventory-clearance sale
clearcutness,preciseness
clearing,glade
clearness,clarity
clearstory,clerestory
clearweed,richweed
cleats,cleat
cleavage,segmentation
cleavage cavity,blastocoel
cleaver,meat cleaver
cleavers,clivers
cleft lip,harelip
cleg,horsefly
clegg,horsefly
cleistes divaricata,spreading pogonia
cleistes rosea,rosebud orchid
cleistocarp,cleistothecium
cleistothecium,cleistocarp
clematis baldwinii,pine hyacinth
clematis crispa,blue jasmine
clematis lasiantha,pipestem clematis
clematis ochreleuca,curly-heads
clematis tangutica,golden clematis
clematis texensis,scarlet clematis
clematis versicolor,leather flower
clematis verticillaris,purple clematis
clematis viorna,leather flower
clematis virginiana,virgin's bower
clematis vitalba,traveler's joy
clemence sophia harned lozier,Lozier
clemency,mildness
clement attlee,Attlee
clement philibert leo delibes,Delibes
clement richard attlee,Attlee
clementine,clementine tree
clementine tree,clementine
clench,clinch
clenched fist,fist
cleome,spiderflower
cleome hassleriana,spider flower
cleome pinnata,desert plume
cleome serrulata,Rocky Mountain bee plant
clepsydra,water clock
clerestory,clearstory
clergyman,reverend
cleric,churchman
clerical collar,Roman collar
clerid,clerid beetle
clerid beetle,clerid
clerisy,intelligentsia
clerk,salesclerk
clerking,bookkeeping
clethra alnifolia,sweet pepperbush
clever clogs,clever Dick
cleverness,inventiveness
clew,clue
clews,clew
cli,command line interface
clianthus,glory pea
clianthus formosus,desert pea
clianthus puniceus,parrot's beak
clianthus speciosus,desert pea
cliche,platitude
clichy-la-garenne,Clichy
click,chink
click beetle,skipjack
clickety-clack,clickety-click
clickety-click,clickety-clack
client,customer
clientele,patronage
cliff,drop
cliff-brake,cliff brake
cliff brake,cliff-brake
cliff penstemon,rock penstemon
cliff rose,sea pink
cliff swallow,Hirundo pyrrhonota
clifford odets,Odets
cliftonia monophylla,titi
climacteric,menopause
climate,clime
climate change,global climate change
climax,flood tide
climb,ascent
climb-down,withdrawal
climber,social climber
climbing,climb
climbing bird's nest fern,Microsorium punctatum
climbing bittersweet,bittersweet
climbing boneset,climbing hempweed
climbing corydalis,Corydalis claviculata
climbing fumitory,Allegheny vine
climbing hemp-vine,climbing hempweed
climbing hempweed,climbing boneset
climbing hydrangea,Schizophragma hydrangeoides
climbing iron,crampon
climbing lily,gloriosa
climbing maidenhair,climbing maidenhair fern
climbing maidenhair fern,climbing maidenhair
climbing nightshade,bittersweet
climbing onion,Bowiea volubilis
climbing perch,Anabas testudineus
clime,climate
clinch,clench
clincher,determiner
cling,clingstone
cling film,clingfilm
clingfilm,cling film
clingstone,cling
clinical anatomy,applied anatomy
clinical depression,depressive disorder
clinical neurology,neurology
clinical psychologist,psychotherapist
clinical test,clinical trial
clinical thermometer,mercury-in-glass clinical thermometer
clinical trial,clinical test
clinid,clinid fish
clinid fish,clinid
clink,chink
clinker,cinder
clinker block,cinder block
clinker brick,clinker
clinocephalism,clinocephaly
clinocephaly,clinocephalism
clinometer,inclinometer
clinopodium grandiflorum,large-flowered calamint
clinopodium vulgare,wild basil
clinoril,sulindac
clinton's lily,clintonia
clintonia,Clinton's lily
clintonia andrewsiana,red Clintonia
clintonia borealis,yellow clintonia
clintonia uniflora,queen's cup
clioquinol,iodochlorhydroxyquin
clip,cartridge holder
clip-clop,clippety-clop
clipper,limiter
clipper ship,clipper
clippety-clop,clip-clop
clipping,newspaper clipping
clique,coterie
cliquishness,clannishness
clit,clitoris
clitocybe nuda,blewits
clitoral vein,vena clitoridis
clitoria mariana,butterfly pea
clitoria turnatea,blue pea
clitoridectomy,female circumcision
clitoris,clit
clive sinclair,Sinclair
clive staples lewis,Lewis
clivers,cleavers
cloaca,sewer
cloakmaker,furrier
cloakroom,coatroom
clobber,stuff
clock dial,clock face
clock face,clock dial
clock time,time
clockmaker,clocksmith
clocks,redstem storksbill
clocksmith,clockmaker
clockwise rotation,dextrorotation
clod,ball
clodhopper,brogan
clofibrate,Atromid-S
clog,geta
clog dance,clog dancing
clog dancing,clog dance
cloister,religious residence
clomid,clomiphene
clomiphene,clomiphene citrate
clomiphene citrate,clomiphene
clon,clone
clone,ringer
clonidine,Catapres
clop,clip-clop
clopidogrel bisulfate,Plavix
clopping,clip-clop
close call,close shave
close corporation,closed corporation
close shave,close call
closed-angle glaucoma,acute glaucoma
closed-class word,function word
closed-end fund,closed-end investment company
closed-end investment company,closed-end fund
closed-loop system,closed loop
closed book,mystery
closed chain,ring
closed circuit,loop
closed corporation,close corporation
closed fracture,simple fracture
closed gentian,blind gentian
closed interval,bounded interval
closed loop,closed-loop system
closed session,executive session
closedown,closure
closeness,intimacy
closet,cupboard
closing curtain,finale
closing off,isolation
clostridia,clostridium
clostridial myonecrosis,gas gangrene
clostridium,clostridia
clostridium botulinum,botulinus
clostridium perfringens epsilon toxin,epsilon toxin
closure,closing
closure by compartment,guillotine
clot,coagulum
clot buster,thrombolytic
clotbur,burdock
cloth,fabric
cloth cap,flat cap
clothes,apparel
clothes basket,clothes hamper
clothes closet,clothespress
clothes designer,couturier
clothes drier,clothes dryer
clothes dryer,clothes drier
clothes hamper,laundry basket
clothes hanger,coat hanger
clothes peg,clothespin
clothes pin,clothespin
clothes tree,coat tree
clotheshorse,dandy
clothespin,clothes pin
clothespress,clothes closet
clothier,haberdasher
clothing,article of clothing
clothing store,haberdashery
clotted cream,Devonshire cream
clotting,curdling
clotting factor,coagulation factor
cloture,closure
cloud,swarm
cloud chamber,Wilson cloud chamber
cloud cover,cloudiness
cloud grass,Agrostis nebulosa
cloud nine,bliss
cloud seeder,seeder
cloudberry,dwarf mulberry
cloudburst,downpour
cloudiness,cloud cover
clouding,clouding up
clouding up,clouding
clout,pull
clout nail,clout
clove,clove tree
clove oil,oil of cloves
clove pink,carnation
clove tree,clove
cloven foot,cloven hoof
cloven hoof,cloven foot
clover,trefoil
clover-root,herb bennet
clover fern,pepperwort
cloveroot,herb bennet
clovis i,Clovis
clown,buffoon
clown anemone fish,Amphiprion percula
clowning,buffoonery
clozapine,Clozaril
clozaril,clozapine
cloze procedure,cloze test
cloze test,cloze procedure
club,baseball club
club-head,golf-club head
club-moss,club moss
club car,lounge car
club head,golf-club head
club moss,club-moss
club sandwich,three-decker
club soda,soda water
club steak,Delmonico steak
clubfoot,talipes
clubhead,golf-club head
clubhouse,club
clubmoss family,Lycopodiaceae
clubroot fungus,Plasmodiophora brassicae
cluck,clucking
clucking,cluck
clue,hint
clumber,clumber spaniel
clumber spaniel,clumber
clump,bunch
clumping,clip-clop
clumsiness,awkwardness
clunk,thump
clunking,clip-clop
clupea harangus,herring
clupea harengus harengus,Atlantic herring
clupea harengus pallasii,Pacific herring
clupea sprattus,brisling
clupeid,clupeid fish
clupeid fish,clupeid
clusia flava,wild fig
clusia insignis,waxflower
clusia major,pitch apple
clusia rosea,pitch apple
clusiaceae,Guttiferae
cluster,bunch
cluster bean,guar
cluster bomblet,bomblet
cluster headache,histamine headache
cluster of differentiation 4,CD4
cluster of differentiation 8,CD8
clustered bellflower,Campanula glomerata
clustered lady's slipper,Cypripedium fasciculatum
clustered poppy mallow,Callirhoe triangulata
clustering,bunch
clutch,clasp
clutch bag,clutch
clutch pedal,clutch
clutches,clasp
clutter,jumble
clyde tombaugh,Tombaugh
clyde william tombaugh,Tombaugh
clyster,enema
clytocybe alba,Clitocybe robusta
cm,centimeter
cmb,cosmic background radiation
cmbr,cosmic background radiation
cmv,cytomegalovirus
cn gas,chloroacetophenone
cnemidophorus exsanguis,Chihuahuan spotted whiptail
cnemidophorus sexlineatus,racerunner
cnemidophorus tesselatus,checkered whiptail
cnemidophorus tigris,western whiptail
cnemidophorus velox,plateau striped whiptail
cnicus benedictus,blessed thistle
cnidarian,coelenterate
cnidoscolus urens,spurge nettle
cnossos,Knossos
cnossus,Knossos
cnpz,National Liberation Army
cns,central nervous system
cnut,Canute
co,carbon monoxide
co-defendant,codefendant
co-occurrence,accompaniment
co-op,cooperative
co-operative republic of guyana,Guyana
co-optation,co-option
co-option,co-optation
co-ordinate,coordinate
co-pilot,copilot
co-respondent,corespondent
co-worker,colleague
co2,carbon dioxide
coach,manager
coach-and-four,coach
coach dog,dalmatian
coach house,carriage house
coach station,bus terminal
coaching,coaching job
coaching job,coaching
coachwhip,ocotillo
coachwhip snake,coachwhip
coaction,collaboration
coagulant,coagulator
coagulation,curdling
coagulation factor,clotting factor
coagulator,coagulant
coagulum,clot
coal,ember
coal-tar creosote,creosote
coal black,ebony
coal mine,coalpit
coal miner,collier
coal miner's lung,anthracosis
coal oil,kerosene
coal scuttle,scuttle
coal tongs,fire tongs
coalbin,coalhole
coalescence,coalescency
coalescency,coalescence
coalhole,coalbin
coalition,alliance
coalpit,coal mine
coarctation,constriction
coarseness,saltiness
coast,seashore
coast banksia,honeysuckle
coast boykinia,Boykinia elata
coast lily,Lilium maritinum
coast live oak,California live oak
coast mountains,Coast Range
coast polypody,leatherleaf
coast redwood,California redwood
coast rhododendron,Rhododendron californicum
coast white cedar,southern white cedar
coastal rein orchid,Habenaria greenei
coaster wagon,wagon
coat,coating
coat-of-mail shell,chiton
coat hanger,clothes hanger
coat of arms,arms
coat of mail,body armor
coat rack,coatrack
coat stand,clothes tree
coat tree,clothes tree
coati,coati-mondi
coati-mondi,coati
coati-mundi,coati
coating,coat
coatrack,coat rack
coatroom,cloakroom
coauthor,joint author
coax,coaxial cable
coax cable,coaxial cable
coaxer,wheedler
coaxial cable,coax
cob,hazelnut
cobalamin,vitamin B12
cobalt,Co
cobalt bloom,erythrite
cobalt blue,greenish blue
cobalt ultramarine,cobalt blue
cobble,cobblestone
cobbler,shoemaker
cobbler's last,last
cobblers,cobbler
cobblestone,cobble
cobbling,shoemaking
cobia,Rachycentron canadum
cobnut,filbert
cobweb,gossamer
coca,Erythroxylon coca
coca plant,Erythroxylon coca
cocain,cocaine
cocaine,cocain
cocarboxylase,thiamine pyrophosphate
cocci,coccus
coccidioidomycosis,coccidiomycosis
coccidiomycosis,coccidioidomycosis
coccidium,eimeria
coccothraustes coccothraustes,hawfinch
cocculus carolinus,Carolina moonseed
coccus,cocci
coccus hesperidum,brown soft scale
coccygeal nerve,nervus coccygeus
coccygeal plexus,plexus coccygeus
coccygeal vertebra,caudal vertebra
coccyx,tail bone
coccyzus erythropthalmus,black-billed cuckoo
cochin,cochin china
cochin china,cochin
cochineal,cochineal insect
cochineal insect,cochineal
cochlearia officinalis,scurvy grass
cochlearius cochlearius,boatbill
cochon de lait,suckling pig
cock,prick
cock's eggs,Salpichroa organifolia
cock-a-leekie,cocky-leeky
cock-and-bull story,fairytale
cock of the rock,Rupicola peruviana
cock sucking,blowjob
cockateel,cockatiel
cockatiel,cockateel
cockatoo parrot,cockateel
cockchafer,May bug
cockcroft-walton accelerator,Cockcroft and Walton accelerator
cockcroft-walton voltage multiplier,Cockcroft and Walton accelerator
cockcroft and walton voltage multiplier,Cockcroft and Walton accelerator
cockcrow,dawn
cocker,cocker spaniel
cocker spaniel,English cocker spaniel
cockiness,bumptiousness
cockle-bur,cocklebur
cockle-burr,cocklebur
cocklebur,cockle-bur
cockleburr,cocklebur
cockroach,roach
cockscomb,common cockscomb
cocksfoot,orchard grass
cockspur,orchard grass
cockspur hawthorn,cockspur thorn
cockspur thorn,cockspur hawthorn
cocksucker,asshole
cocksureness,certitude
cocktail dress,sheath
cocktail sauce,seafood sauce
cocktail table,coffee table
cockup,ballup
cocky-leeky,cock-a-leekie
coco,coconut
coco de macao,babassu
coco palm,coconut
coco plum,coco plum tree
coco plum tree,coco plum
cocoa,chocolate
cocoa bean,cacao bean
cocoa palm,coconut
cocoa plum,coco plum
cocoanut,coconut
cocobolo,Dalbergia retusa
coconspirator,conspirator
coconut,coconut meat
coconut cream,coconut milk
coconut meat,coconut
coconut milk,coconut cream
coconut oil,copra oil
coconut palm,coconut
coconut tree,coconut
coconut water,coconut milk
cocopah,Cocopa
cocos nucifera,coconut
cocoswood,cocuswood
cocotte,prostitute
cocoyam,taro
cocozelle,Italian vegetable marrow
cocuswood,cocoswood
cod-liver oil,cod liver oil
cod liver oil,cod-liver oil
coda,finale
codariocalyx motorius,telegraph plant
coddled egg,boiled egg
coddler,pamperer
code,codification
code flag,nautical signal flag
code of behavior,code of conduct
code of conduct,code of behavior
codefendant,co-defendant
coder,programmer
codetalker,windtalker
codex,leaf-book
codfish,cod
codfish ball,codfish cake
codfish cake,codfish ball
codger,old codger
codiaeum variegatum,croton
codification,code
coding,cryptography
coding dna,exon
codlin moth,codling moth
codling moth,codlin moth
codlins-and-cream,hairy willowherb
codswallop,folderol
coefficient of absorption,absorption coefficient
coefficient of correlation,correlation coefficient
coefficient of drag,drag coefficient
coefficient of elasticity,modulus of elasticity
coefficient of expansion,expansivity
coefficient of mutual induction,mutual inductance
coefficient of reflection,reflection factor
coefficient of self induction,self-inductance
coefficient of viscosity,absolute viscosity
coelacanth,Latimeria chalumnae
coelenterata,Cnidaria
coelenterate,cnidarian
coeliac plexus,solar plexus
coeloglossum bracteatum,satyr orchid
coeloglossum viride,frog orchid
coelom,celom
coenobite,cenobite
coenzyme q,ubiquinone
coercion,compulsion
coevals,contemporaries
coffea arabica,Arabian coffee
coffea canephora,robusta coffee
coffea liberica,Liberian coffee
coffea robusta,robusta coffee
coffee,java
coffee bar,cafe
coffee bean,coffee berry
coffee berry,coffee bean
coffee break,tea break
coffee cake,coffeecake
coffee cappuccino,cappuccino
coffee cream,light cream
coffee fern,Pellaea andromedifolia
coffee fungus,Pellicularia koleroga
coffee grinder,coffee mill
coffee mill,coffee grinder
coffee roll,sweet roll
coffee rose,crape jasmine
coffee royal,cafe royale
coffee senna,mogdad coffee
coffee shop,cafe
coffee table,cocktail table
coffee tree,coffee
coffeeberry,California buckthorn
coffeecake,coffee cake
coffeehouse,cafe
coffer,caisson
cofferdam,caisson
coffin,casket
coffin nail,cigarette
cog,sprocket
cog railway,rack railway
cogency,validity
cogent evidence,proof
cogitation,study
cognate word,cognate
cognation,matrilineage
cognisance,awareness
cognition,knowledge
cognitive content,content
cognitive operation,process
cognitive process,process
cognitive semantics,conceptual semantics
cognitive state,state of mind
cognizance,awareness
cognomen,nickname
cognoscente,connoisseur
cognovit judgement,confession of judgment
cognovit judgment,confession of judgment
cogwheel,gear
coherence,coherency
coherency,coherence
cohesion,coherence
cohesiveness,coherence
coho,silver salmon
coho salmon,silver salmon
cohoe,silver salmon
cohort,age group
cohosh,baneberry
cohune,cohune palm
cohune-nut oil,cohune oil
cohune fat,cohune-nut oil
cohune oil,cohune-nut oil
cohune palm,Orbignya cohune
coif,hairdo
coiffure,hairdo
coign,quoin
coigne,quoin
coil,spiral
coil spring,volute spring
coin bank,savings bank
coin blank,planchet
coin collecting,numismatics
coin collection,numismatics
coin collector,numismatist
coin machine,slot machine
coinage,mintage
coincidence,happenstance
coiner,minter
coition,sexual intercourse
coitus,sexual intercourse
coitus interruptus,withdrawal method
coke,Coca Cola
col,gap
cola acuminata,kola
cola nut,kola nut
colander,cullender
colaptes auratus,yellow-shafted flicker
colaptes caper collaris,red-shafted flicker
colaptes chrysoides,gilded flicker
colbert butter,Colbert
colchicum autumnale,autumn crocus
cold cash,ready cash
cold cereal,dry cereal
cold chisel,set chisel
cold cream,coldcream
cold front,polar front
cold gangrene,dry gangrene
cold shoulder,snub
cold snap,cold spell
cold sore,oral herpes
cold spell,cold snap
cold stuffed tomato,stuffed tomato
coldcream,cold cream
coldheartedness,heartlessness
coldness,cold
cole,kale
cole albert porter,Porter
cole porter,Porter
coleman hawkins,Hawkins
coleslaw,slaw
coleus,flame nettle
coleus amboinicus,country borage
coleus aromaticus,country borage
coleus blumei,painted nettle
colewort,kale
colic,intestinal colic
colic artery,arteria colica
colic root,colicroot
colic vein,vena colica
colicroot,colic root
colin luther powell,Powell
colin powell,Powell
colinus virginianus,northern bobwhite
coliseum,amphitheater
colitis,inflammatory bowel disease
collaboration,coaction
collaborationism,collaboration
collaborationist,collaborator
collaborator,confederate
collage,montage
collapse,prostration
collapsible shelter,tent
collar,neckband
collar cell,choanocyte
collarbone,clavicle
collard greens,collards
collards,collard greens
collared peccary,javelina
collared pika,Ochotona collaris
collateral fraud,extrinsic fraud
collation,bite
colleague,co-worker
collecting,collection
collection,aggregation
collection plate,plate
collective agreement,labor contract
collectivisation,collectivization
collectivism,Bolshevism
collectivization,collectivisation
collector,aggregator
collector's item,showpiece
collector of internal revenue,tax collector
college boy,collegian
college girl,co-ed
college man,collegian
college of cardinals,Sacred College
college student,university student
collegian,college man
collegiate dictionary,desk dictionary
collembolan,springtail
collet,ferrule
collet chuck,collet
collier,coal miner
colliery,pit
colligation,junction
collinsia bicolor,purple chinese houses
collinsia heterophylla,purple chinese houses
collinsia parviflora,maiden blue-eyed Mary
collinsia verna,blue-eyed Mary
collinsonia canadensis,horse balm
collis potter huntington,Huntington
collision,hit
collocalia inexpectata,swiftlet
collocation,juxtaposition
colloidal gel,gel
colloidal solution,sol
colloidal suspension,sol
collotype,collotype printing
collotype printing,collotype
collusion,connivance
collyrium,eye-lotion
collywobbles,cholera morbus
colobus,colobus monkey
colobus guereza,guereza
colobus monkey,colobus
colocasia esculenta,taro
cologne water,cologne
colon,El Salvadoran colon
colonic irrigation,colonic
colonisation,colonization
coloniser,colonizer
colonist,settler
colonization,colonisation
colonizer,coloniser
colonnade,arcade
colony,settlement
color bar,colour bar
color bearer,standard-bearer
color blindness,colour blindness
color circle,color wheel
color constancy,colour constancy
color force,strong interaction
color line,color bar
color of law,colour of law
color scheme,colour scheme
color spectrum,visible spectrum
color television,colour television
color television system,color television
color television tube,color tube
color tube,colour tube
color tv,color television
color tv tube,color tube
color vision,chromatic vision
color vision deficiency,color blindness
color wash,colour wash
color wheel,color circle
coloradillo,scarlet bush
colorado beetle,Colorado potato beetle
colorado blue spruce,Colorado spruce
colorado fir,white fir
colorado four o'clock,desert four o'clock
colorado river,Colorado
coloration,color
coloratura,coloratura soprano
coloratura soprano,coloratura
colorcast,colourcast
colored audition,colored hearing
colored hearing,colored audition
colored person,colored
colorimeter,tintometer
colorimetric analysis,colorimetry
colorimetry,colorimetric analysis
coloring,colouring
coloring material,colouring material
colorlessness,colourlessness
colors,colours
colossians,Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Colossians
colossus,giant
colostrum,foremilk
colour bar,color bar
colour blindness,color blindness
colour constancy,color constancy
colour line,color bar
colour of law,color of law
colour scheme,color scheme
colour television,color television
colour television system,color television
colour television tube,color tube
colour tube,color tube
colour tv,color television
colour tv tube,color tube
colour vision deficiency,color blindness
colour wash,color wash
colouration,color
colourcast,colorcast
colouring,coloring
colouring material,coloring material
colourlessness,colorlessness
colours,colors
colpocele,vaginocele
colpocystocele,cystocele
coltan,columbite-tantalite
colter,coulter
coltsfoot,galax
coluber constrictor,blacksnake
coluber constrictor flaviventris,blue racer
coluber hippocrepis,horseshoe whipsnake
colubrid,colubrid snake
colubrid snake,colubrid
colugo,flying lemur
columba fasciata,band-tailed pigeon
columba livia,rock dove
columba palumbus,wood pigeon
columbarium,dovecote
columbary,dovecote
columbia river,Columbia
columbian mammoth,Mammuthus columbi
columbine,aquilegia
columbite,niobite
columbite-tantalite,coltan
columbo,American columbo
column,chromatography column
column inch,inch
columnar cell,columnar epithelial cell
columnar epithelial cell,columnar cell
columnist,editorialist
colutea arborescens,bladder senna
colymbiformes,Podicipitiformes
colza,rape
colza oil,rape oil
coma,comatoseness
comandra pallida,bastard toadflax
comatoseness,coma
comatulid,feather star
comb,cockscomb
comb-footed spider,theridiid
comb-out,teasing
comb-plate,ctene
comb jelly,ctenophore
combat,armed combat
combat area,combat zone
combat boot,buskin
combat casualty,battle damage
combat ceiling,service ceiling
combat fatigue,battle fatigue
combat injury,wound
combat intelligence,tactical intelligence
combat neurosis,battle fatigue
combat ship,warship
combat zone,tenderloin
combativeness,militance
combination,combining
combine,trust
combing,comb
combining,combine
combining weight,equivalent
combo,jazz band
combretum appiculatum,bush willow
combretum bracteosum,hiccup nut
combretum erythrophyllum,bush willow
combretum family,Combretaceae
combtooth blenny,blenny
combustibility,combustibleness
combustible material,combustible
combustibleness,combustibility
combustion,burning
come,semen
come-on,bait
comeback,rejoinder
comedian,comic
comedo,blackhead
comedy,drollery
comeliness,fairness
comer,arrival
comer vann woodward,Woodward
comeupance,deserts
comeuppance,deserts
comfort,comfortableness
comfort station,public toilet
comfort woman,ianfu
comfortableness,comfort
comforter,sympathizer
comforts,creature comforts
comfrey,cumfrey
comic opera,opera bouffe
comic strip,cartoon strip
coming back,return
coming into court,appearance
coming together,meeting
coming upon,encounter
comint,communications intelligence
comma,comma butterfly
comma bacillus,Vibrio comma
comma butterfly,comma
command,bid
command key,control key
command language,query language
command line interface,CLI
command overhead,command processing overhead time
command post,general headquarters
command processing overhead,command processing overhead time
command processing overhead time,command processing overhead
command prompt,prompt
command sergeant major,sergeant major
commandant,commanding officer
commander,commanding officer
commander in chief,generalissimo
commandership,commandery
commandery,commandership
commanding officer,commandant
commandment,teaching
commando,ranger
commelinales,Xyridales
commemoration,memorialization
commencement,beginning
commencement ceremony,commencement
commencement day,degree day
commencement exercise,commencement
commendation,citation
commensurateness,correspondence
comment,remark
commentary,comment
commentator,observer
commerce,commercialism
commerce department,Department of Commerce
commerce secretary,Secretary of Commerce
commercial activity,business activity
commercial agency,mercantile agency
commercial bank,full service bank
commercial credit company,commercial finance company
commercial document,commercial instrument
commercial enterprise,business enterprise
commercial finance company,commercial credit company
commercial instrument,commercial document
commercial law,mercantile law
commercial loan,business loan
commercial message,commercial
commercial traveler,traveling salesman
commercial traveller,traveling salesman
commercialisation,commercialization
commercialism,commerce
commercialization,commercialisation
commie,communist
commiphora meccanensis,balm of gilead
commiphora myrrha,myrrh tree
commiseration,pity
commissaire maigret,Inspector Maigret
commissar,political commissar
commissariat,provisions
commission,committee
commissioning,commission
commitment,committedness
committal,commitment
committal to memory,memorization
committal to writing,writing
committedness,commitment
committee,commission
committee meeting,board meeting
commixture,mix
commode,toilet
commodiousness,capaciousness
commodities exchange,commodity exchange
commodities market,commodity exchange
commodity,trade good
commodity exchange,commodities exchange
commodore perry,Perry
commodore vanderbilt,Vanderbilt
common ageratum,Ageratum houstonianum
common alder,European black alder
common allamanda,golden trumpet
common amsinckia,Amsinckia intermedia
common apricot,Prunus armeniaca
common ax,common axe
common axe,common ax
common bamboo,Bambusa vulgaris
common barberry,European barberry
common barley,Hordeum vulgare
common basil,sweet basil
common bean,common bean plant
common bean plant,common bean
common bearberry,red bearberry
common beech,European beech
common beet,beet
common bile duct,bile duct
common birch,silver birch
common bird cherry,hagberry tree
common blackfish,pilot whale
common bog rosemary,marsh andromeda
common booklouse,Trogium pulsatorium
common box,European box
common brant goose,Branta bernicla
common broom,Scotch broom
common burdock,lesser burdock
common buttercup,Ranunculus bulbosus
common calamint,Calamintha sylvatica
common camas,Camassia quamash
common canary,Serinus canaria
common caper,Capparis spinosa
common carline thistle,Carlina vulgaris
common carotid,common carotid artery
common carotid artery,common carotid
common carrier,carrier
common chickweed,Stellaria media
common chord,triad
common cockscomb,cockscomb
common cold,cold
common comfrey,boneset
common coral tree,ceibo
common corn salad,lamb's lettuce
common cotton grass,Eriophorum angustifolium
common daisy,English daisy
common dandelion,Taraxacum ruderalia
common devil's claw,common unicorn plant
common divisor,common factor
common dogbane,spreading dogbane
common dolphin,Delphinus delphis
common duckweed,lesser duckweed
common eel,freshwater eel
common eland,Taurotragus oryx
common elder,bourtree
common european ash,European ash
common evening primrose,German rampion
common factor,common divisor
common fate,law of common fate
common fault,normal fault
common fennel,Foeniculum vulgare
common fig,fig
common fig tree,fig
common flat pea,native holly
common four-o'clock,marvel-of-Peru
common foxglove,fairy bell
common fraction,simple fraction
common garden cress,garden pepper cress
common garter snake,Thamnophis sirtalis
common ginger,Canton ginger
common good,commonweal
common grape hyacinth,Muscari neglectum
common grape vine,vinifera
common gum cistus,Cistus ladanifer
common heath,blunt-leaf heath
common hop,common hops
common hops,common hop
common horehound,white horehound
common horsetail,field horsetail
common hyacinth,Hyacinthus orientalis
common iguana,iguana
common ivy,ivy
common jasmine,true jasmine
common juniper,Juniperus communis
common kingsnake,Lampropeltis getulus
common laburnum,golden chain
common lady's-slipper,showy lady's-slipper
common land,commons
common law,case law
common lettuce,garden lettuce
common lilac,Syringa vulgaris
common limpet,Patella vulgata
common louse,Pediculus humanus
common lynx,Lynx lynx
common mackerel,shiner
common madia,common tarweed
common maidenhair,Venushair
common mallow,Malva neglecta
common man,commoner
common marigold,pot marigold
common market,European Union
common matrimony vine,Duke of Argyll's tea tree
common measure,common time
common meter,common measure
common milkwort,gand flower
common mood,indicative mood
common moonseed,Canada moonseed
common moonwort,moonwort
common morel,Morchella esculenta
common morning glory,Ipomoea tricolor
common mosquito,Culex pipiens
common mugwort,Artemisia vulgaris
common mullein,great mullein
common murre,Uria aalge
common myrtle,Myrtus communis
common nardoo,nardoo
common newt,Triturus vulgaris
common nightshade,black nightshade
common nuisance,public nuisance
common nutcracker,Nucifraga caryocatactes
common oak,English oak
common opossum,Didelphis virginiana
common osier,hemp willow
common pea,garden pea
common people,folk
common pepper,pepper
common person,commoner
common pitcher plant,huntsman's cup
common plantain,broad-leaved plantain
common plum,Prunus domestica
common polypody,adder's fern
common pond-skater,Gerris lacustris
common privet,Ligustrum vulgare
common purslane,pussley
common raccoon,common racoon
common racoon,common raccoon
common ragweed,Ambrosia artemisiifolia
common reed,ditch reed
common rorqual,finback
common rose mallow,rose mallow
common roundworm,Ascaris lumbricoides
common rush,bulrush
common sage,ramona
common salt,sodium chloride
common scold,scold
common scoter,Melanitta nigra
common scurvy grass,scurvy grass
common seal,harbor seal
common sense,good sense
common shares,common stock
common shiner,silversides
common shrew,Sorex araneus
common sickle pine,Falcatifolium falciforme
common snapping turtle,snapper
common snowberry,snowberry
common soldier,private
common sorrel,sorrel
common speedwell,gypsyweed
common spindle tree,Euonymus europaeus
common spoonbill,Platalea leucorodia
common spotted orchid,Dactylorhiza fuchsii
common staghorn fern,elkhorn fern
common starling,Sturnus vulgaris
common stinkhorn,Phallus impudicus
common stock,common shares
common sunflower,mirasol
common tarweed,common madia
common teasel,Dipsacus fullonum
common thorn apple,jimsonweed
common thyme,Thymus vulgaris
common time,four-four time
common tobacco,Nicotiana tabacum
common topaz,topaz
common unicorn plant,devil's claw
common valerian,garden heliotrope
common vetchling,meadow pea
common viper,adder
common wallaby,Macropus agiles
common wasp,Vespula vulgaris
common water snake,banded water snake
common watercress,Rorippa nasturtium-aquaticum
common wheat,Triticum aestivum
common white dogwood,eastern flowering dogwood
common wolffia,Wolffia columbiana
common wood sorrel,cuckoo bread
common wormwood,absinthe
common year,365 days
common yellowthroat,Maryland yellowthroat
common yellowwood,bastard yellowwood
common zebra,Burchell's zebra
commonality,commonalty
commonalty,commonality
commoner,common man
commonness,expectedness
commonplaceness,commonness
commons,park
commonweal,common good
commonwealth,state
commonwealth of australia,Australia
commonwealth of dominica,Dominica
commonwealth of nations,British Commonwealth
commonwealth of puerto rico,Puerto Rico
commonwealth of the bahamas,Bahamas
commotion,disturbance
communicating,communication
communicating artery,arteria communicans
communication,communicating
communication channel,channel
communication equipment,communication system
communication system,communication equipment
communication theory,communications
communication trench,approach trench
communications,communication theory
communications intelligence,COMINT
communications protocol,protocol
communion table,altar
communique,dispatch
communisation,communization
communist china,China
communist party of kampuchea,Khmer Rouge
community,community of interests
community center,civic center
community of interests,community
community service,public service
communization,communisation
commutability,replaceability
commutation,commuting
commutation ticket,season ticket
commutative group,Abelian group
commuter,commuter train
commuter train,commuter
commuting,commutation
comp,comprehensive examination
compact-disk burner,CD burner
compact car,compact
compact disc,compact disk
compact disc read-only memory,CD-ROM
compact disc recordable,CD-R
compact disc write-once,CD-R
compact disk,compact disc
compaction,compression
compactness,concentration
companion,comrade
companionability,companionableness
companionableness,companionability
companionship,company
company,companionship
comparability,comparison
comparative degree,comparative
comparative psychology,animal psychology
compare,comparison
comparing,comparison
comparison,comparing
compartmentalisation,compartmentalization
compartmentalization,compartmentalisation
compass,scope
compass card,mariner's compass
compass flower,compass plant
compass north,north
compass plane,circular plane
compass plant,prairie bird's-foot trefoil
compass point,point
compassion,compassionateness
compassionateness,compassion
compeer,peer
compendium,collection
compensating balance,offsetting balance
compensation,recompense
compensatory damages,actual damages
compensatory spending,deficit spending
competence,competency
competency,competence
competition,contest
competitiveness,fight
competitor,rival
compilation,digest
compiler,compiling program
compiling,compilation
compiling program,compiler
complacence,complacency
complacency,complacence
complainant,plaintiff
complainer,whiner
complaint,ailment
complaisance,compliance
complement,full complement
complementary color,complementary
complementary distribution,complementation
complementation,complementary distribution
complete blood count,CBC
completion,pass completion
complex body part,structure
complex fraction,compound fraction
complex instruction set computer,complex instruction set computing
complex instruction set computing,complex instruction set computer
complex number,complex quantity
complex quantity,complex number
complexion,skin color
complexity,complexness
complexness,complexity
compliance,conformity
compliancy,complaisance
complicatedness,complication
complication,ramification
compliments,regard
complin,compline
compline,complin
component,constituent
component part,part
comportment,bearing
composing,composition
composite plant,composite
composite school,comprehensive school
composition,composing
composition board,cardboard
compositor,typesetter
compositor's case,case
compost heap,compost pile
compost pile,compost heap
composure,calm
compote,fruit compote
compound fraction,complex fraction
compound fracture,open fracture
compound pendulum,physical pendulum
compound protein,conjugated protein
compounding,combination
comprehensibility,understandability
comprehension,inclusion
comprehensive examination,comprehensive
comprehensive school,composite school
comprehensiveness,fullness
compressibility,squeezability
compressing,compression
compression,compaction
compression bandage,tourniquet
compromise,via media
comptonia asplenifolia,sweet fern
comptonia peregrina,sweet fern
comptroller,accountant
compulsion,irresistible impulse
compulsiveness,compulsivity
compulsivity,compulsiveness
compunction,remorse
computation,calculation
computed axial tomography,computerized tomography
computed tomography,computerized tomography
computer,computing machine
computer-aided design,CAD
computer-oriented language,computer language
computer address,address
computer architecture,architecture
computer backup,backup
computer code,code
computer database,electronic database
computer display,computer screen
computer error,error
computer expert,computer guru
computer file name,filename
computer filename,filename
computer game,video game
computer graphic,graphic
computer graphics,graphic
computer guru,computer expert
computer hardware,hardware
computer keyboard,keypad
computer language,computer-oriented language
computer memory,memory
computer menu,menu
computer mouse,mouse
computer operation,machine operation
computer peripheral,peripheral
computer program,program
computer programing,programming
computer programme,program
computer programmer,programmer
computer programming,programming
computer science,computing
computer screen,computer display
computer simulation,simulation
computer software,software
computer storage,memory
computer system,computing system
computer virus,virus
computerization,cybernation
computerized axial tomography,computerized tomography
computerized axial tomography scanner,CAT scanner
computerized tomography,computed tomography
computing,computer science
computing device,computer
computing machine,computer
computing system,computer system
comrade,companion
comradeliness,chumminess
comradery,chumminess
comradeship,chumminess
comstock's mealybug,Comstock mealybug
comte de mirabeau,Mirabeau
comte de rochambeau,Rochambeau
comte de saxe,Saxe
comte donatien alphonse francois de sade,Sade
comtesse du barry,Du Barry
con artist,confidence man
con game,bunco
con man,confidence man
conacaste,elephant's ear
concatenation,chain
concave lens,diverging lens
concave shape,concavity
concaveness,concavity
concavity,concave shape
concealment,privacy
conceding,concession
conceit,amour propre
conceitedness,conceit
conceivability,conceivableness
conceivableness,conceivability
conceiver,originator
concentrate,dressed ore
concentrated fire,massed fire
concentration,density
concentration camp,stockade
concept,conception
conception,concept
conceptual semantics,cognitive semantics
conceptualisation,conceptualization
conceptuality,conceptualization
conceptualization,conceptualisation
conceptus,embryo
concern,care
concert-goer,music lover
concert band,military band
concert dance,ballet
concert grand,concert piano
concert piano,concert grand
concert pitch,philharmonic pitch
concerted music,polyphony
concession,grant
concessionaire,concessioner
concessioner,concessionaire
conchfish,Astropogon stellatus
conchology,shell collecting
conciliation,placation
conciliator,make-peace
conciseness,concision
concision,conciseness
conclusion,decision
conclusion of law,finding of law
conclusiveness,finality
concoction,mixture
concordance,harmony
concordat,covenant
concourse,multitude
concrete mixer,cement mixer
concrete representation,concretism
concretion,calculus
concretism,concrete representation
concubine,courtesan
concupiscence,sexual desire
concurrence,concurrency
concurrency,concurrence
concurrent execution,multiprogramming
condemnation,disapprobation
condensate,condensation
condensation,condensate
condensation pump,diffusion pump
condensation trail,contrail
condenser,capacitor
condenser microphone,capacitor microphone
condensing,condensation
condescendingness,condescension
condescension,superciliousness
condition,status
conditional probability,contingent probability
conditional reaction,conditional reflex
conditional reflex,conditioned reflex
conditional relation,implication
conditional response,conditional reflex
conditioned avoidance,conditioned avoidance response
conditioned avoidance response,conditioned avoidance
conditioned emotion,conditioned emotional response
conditioned emotional response,CER
conditioned reaction,conditional reflex
conditioned reflex,conditional reflex
conditioned response,conditional reflex
conditions,weather
condo,condominium
condolence,commiseration
condom,rubber
condominium,condo
conduct,behavior
conducting wire,wire
conduction,conductivity
conduction anaesthesia,conduction anesthesia
conduction anesthesia,conduction anaesthesia
conduction aphasia,associative aphasia
conduction deafness,conductive hearing loss
conductive hearing loss,conduction deafness
conductivity,conduction
conductor,music director
condylar process,condyloid process
condyloid process,condylar process
condyloma acuminatum,genital wart
condylura cristata,starnose mole
cone,conoid
cone-nosed bug,conenose
cone cell,cone
cone clutch,cone friction clutch
cone friction clutch,cone clutch
cone pepper,Capsicum annuum conoides
cone shape,cone
conenose,cone-nosed bug
conenose bug,conenose
conepatus leuconotus,hog-nosed skunk
conessi,ivory tree
conestoga,covered wagon
conestoga wagon,covered wagon
coney,Epinephelus fulvus
confab,chat
confabulation,chat
confect,candy
confection,sweet
confectionary,confectionery
confectioner,candymaker
confectionery,confectionary
confederate flag,Stars and Bars
confederate jasmine,star jasmine
confederate rose,cotton rose
confederate rose mallow,cotton rose
confederate states,Confederacy
confederate states of america,Confederacy
confederation,alliance
conference,league
conference center,conference house
conference house,conference center
conference table,council table
conferment,bestowal
conferral,bestowal
conferrer,donor
confession of judgement,confession of judgment
confession of judgment,confession of judgement
confidant,intimate
confidence,assurance
confidence game,bunco
confidence man,con man
confidence trick,bunco
confidential information,tip
configuration,constellation
configurationism,Gestalt psychology
confinement,parturiency
confirmation,verification
confiscation,arrogation
conflagration,inferno
conflict,struggle
confluence,meeting
conflux,confluence
conformal projection,orthomorphic projection
conformance,conformity
conformation,shape
conformism,conformity
conformity,conformance
confrere,colleague
confrontation,encounter
confucianist,Confucian
confusedness,confusion
confusion,mental confusion
confuter,rebutter
conge,congee
congealment,congelation
congee,jook
congelation,congealment
congenator,relative
congener,relative
congeniality,congenialness
congenialness,congeniality
congenital abnormality,birth defect
congenital anomaly,birth defect
congenital defect,birth defect
congenital disease,genetic disease
congenital disorder,birth defect
congenital megacolon,Hirschsprung's disease
congenital pancytopenia,Fanconi's anemia
conger,conger eel
conger eel,conger
congeries,aggregate
congestion,over-crowding
congius,gallon
conglobation,conglomeration
conglomeration,conglobation
conglutination,union
congo copal,congo gum
congo eel,amphiuma
congo gum,congo copal
congo peafowl,afropavo
congo river,Congo
congo snake,amphiuma
congoo mallee,white mallee
congou,congo
congou tea,congou
congratulation,felicitation
congratulations,praise
congregating,congregation
congregation,fold
congregation of the inquisition,Roman Inquisition
congress boot,congress shoe
congress gaiter,congress boot
congress shoe,congress boot
congressional medal of honor,Medal of Honor
congressman,congresswoman
congresswoman,congressman
congruence,congruity
congruity,congruousness
congruousness,congruity
conic morel,black morel
conic projection,conical projection
conic section,conic
conic verpa,Verpa conica
conic waxycap,Hygrocybe acutoconica
conical buoy,nun
conical projection,conic projection
conidiospore,conidium
conidium,conidiospore
conifer,coniferous tree
coniferophyta,Coniferopsida
coniferophytina,Coniferopsida
coniferous tree,conifer
coniogramme japonica,bamboo fern
conium maculatum,hemlock
conjecture,speculation
conjoined twin,Siamese twin
conjugal family,nuclear family
conjugal visitation,conjugal visitation right
conjugal visitation right,conjugal visitation
conjugate solution,conjugate
conjugated protein,compound protein
conjugation,junction
conjunction,concurrence
conjunctival layer of bulb,bulbar conjunctiva
conjunctival layer of eyelids,palpebra conjunctiva
conjunctival veins,venae conjunctivales
conjunctivitis,pinkeye
conjunctivitis arida,xerophthalmia
conjuration,incantation
conjure man,conjurer
conjurer,magician
conjuring,conjuration
conjuring trick,magic trick
conjuror,magician
conjury,conjuring
conker,buckeye
connectedness,connection
connecter,connection
connecticut river,Connecticut
connection,connexion
connector,connection
connexion,connection
conniption,fit
connivance,collusion
connoisseur,cognoscente
connoisseurship,virtu
connotation,intension
conocarpus erectus,button tree
conoclinium coelestinum,mistflower
conodontophorida,Conodonta
conoid,cone
conopodium denudatum,earthnut
conquering,conquest
conqueror,vanquisher
conquest,conquering
conrad aiken,Aiken
conrad potter aiken,Aiken
conradina glabra,Apalachicola rosemary
consanguinity,blood kinship
conscience,scruples
conscientious objector,CO
conscientiousness,painstakingness
consciousness,awareness
consciousness-altering drug,psychoactive drug
conscript,draftee
conscription,muster
consecutive operation,serial operation
consequence,effect
conservation,preservation
conservation of charge,conservation of electricity
conservation of electricity,conservation of charge
conservation of energy,law of conservation of energy
conservation of mass,conservation of matter
conservation of matter,conservation of mass
conservation of parity,parity
conservationist,environmentalist
conservatism,conservativism
conservativism,conservatism
conservativist,conservative
conservatoire,conservatory
conservator,curator
conservatory,conservatoire
conserve,preserve
conserves,conserve
considerateness,consideration
consideration,circumstance
consigner,consignor
consignment,cargo
consignor,consigner
consistence,consistency
consistency,consistence
consolation,solace
console,console table
console table,console
consolida ambigua,rocket larkspur
consolidation,integration
consonance,consonant rhyme
consonant rhyme,consonance
consonant system,consonantal system
consonantal system,consonant system
consort,choir
consortium,pool
conspiracy,confederacy
conspirator,coconspirator
constabulary,police
constancy,stability
constant-width font,typewriter font
constant lambert,Lambert
constant of gravitation,gravitational constant
constant of proportionality,factor of proportionality
constant quantity,constant
constantan,Eureka
constantin brancusi,Brancusi
constantine i,Constantine
constantine the great,Constantine
constantinople,Istanbul
constatation,basic assumption
constellation,configuration
consternation,alarm
constipation,irregularity
constitution,fundamental law
constitution of the united states,United States Constitution
constitution state,Connecticut
constraint,restraint
constriction,bottleneck
constrictor constrictor,boa constrictor
construct,concept
construction,building
construction industry,housing industry
construction worker,hard hat
constructive breach,anticipatory breach
constructive eviction,eviction
constructive fraud,legal fraud
constructive metabolism,anabolism
constructive trust,involuntary trust
constructor,builder
consuetudinal,consuetudinary
consuetudinary,consuetudinal
consultant,adviser
consultation,audience
consulting company,consulting firm
consulting firm,consulting company
consumer durables,durables
consumer finance company,small loan company
consumer loan,personal loan
consumer price index,CPI
consumption,ingestion
consumption weed,groundsel tree
contact,physical contact
contact action,catalysis
contact arm,wiper
contact lens,contact
contagion,contagious disease
contagious abortion,brucellosis
contagious disease,contagion
container ship,containership
container vessel,container ship
containership,container ship
contaminant,contamination
contamination,taint
conte alessandro giuseppe antonio anastasio volta,Volta
conte alessandro volta,Volta
contemplation,reflection
contemplativeness,pensiveness
contemporaneity,modernity
contemporaneousness,modernity
contemporaries,coevals
contemporary world,modern times
contempt,disdain
contemptibility,baseness
contender,rival
content word,open-class word
contentedness,content
contention,controversy
contentiousness,quarrelsomeness
contents,table of contents
contest,competition
contestant,dissenter
contestation,controversy
context,linguistic context
context of use,context
contiguity,adjacency
contiguousness,adjacency
continence,continency
continency,continence
continental breakfast,petit dejeuner
continental plan,European plan
continental quilt,eiderdown
continental slope,bathyal zone
contingence,eventuality
contingency,eventuality
contingent probability,conditional probability
continuance,continuation
continuant consonant,continuant
continuation,continuance
continuative,conjunction
continuity,persistence
continuity army council,Continuity Irish Republican Army
continuo,figured bass
continuous creation theory,steady state theory
continuous receiver watch,listening watch
continuous tense,progressive
continuousness,ceaselessness
contopus sordidulus,western wood pewee
contopus virens,pewee
contortion,deformation
contour,contour line
contour line,contour
contour map,relief map
contour sheet,fitted sheet
contra danse,country-dance
contrabandist,smuggler
contrabassoon,contrafagotto
contraception,contraceptive method
contraceptive device,contraceptive
contraceptive diaphragm,diaphragm
contraceptive method,contraception
contraceptive pill,pill
contract,declaration
contract bridge,contract
contract of adhesion,adhesion contract
contract of hazard,sale in gross
contract under seal,sealed instrument
contractile organ,contractor
contracting,catching
contraction,muscular contraction
contractor,declarer
contradance,country-dance
contradiction,contradiction in terms
contradiction in terms,contradiction
contrafagotto,contrabassoon
contrail,condensation trail
contraption,appliance
contrariness,perversity
contrast,direct contrast
contrast material,contrast medium
contrast medium,contrast material
contravention,dispute
contredanse,country-dance
contribution,part
contributor,subscriber
contriteness,attrition
contrition,attrition
contrivance,appliance
contriver,planner
control,control condition
control board,control panel
control character,ASCII control character
control circuit,negative feedback circuit
control condition,control
control function,control operation
control grid,grid
control key,command key
control operation,control function
control panel,instrument panel
control stick,stick
control surface,airfoil
controller,accountant
controversialist,disputant
controversy,contention
contumely,abuse
contusion,bruise
conundrum,riddle
conurbation,urban sprawl
conuropsis carolinensis,Carolina parakeet
convalescence,recuperation
convallaria majalis,lily of the valley
convenience,public toilet
conveniences,comforts
convening,convention
conventicle,meetinghouse
convention,normal
conventionalisation,conventionalization
conventionalism,conventionality
conventionality,convention
conventionalization,conventionalisation
convergence,convergency
convergency,convergence
convergent strabismus,cross-eye
convergent thinker,problem solver
converging,convergence
converging lens,convex lens
conversance,acquaintance
conversancy,acquaintance
conversation stopper,stopper
conversational partner,interlocutor
conversationalist,conversationist
conversationist,conversationalist
conversion,transition
conversion disorder,conversion reaction
conversion hysteria,conversion disorder
conversion reaction,conversion disorder
converter,convertor
convertible security,convertible
convertor,converter
convex lens,converging lens
convex shape,convexity
convexity,convexness
convexness,convexity
conveyance,imparting
conveyance of title,conveyance
conveyancing,conveyance
conveyer,conveyor
conveyer belt,conveyor belt
conveying,conveyance
conveyor,conveyer
conveyor belt,conveyer belt
convict,con
convict fish,painted greenling
convictfish,painted greenling
conviction,strong belief
conviviality,joviality
convocation,calling together
convolution,whirl
convolution of broca,Broca's area
convolvulus arvensis,field bindweed
convolvulus scammonia,scammony
convolvulus sepium,hedge bindweed
convulsion,paroxysm
cony,hyrax
conyza canadensis,horseweed
cookbook,cookery book
cookery,cooking
cookery book,cookbook
cookhouse,galley
cookie,cooky
cookie jar,cooky jar
cookie sheet,baking tray
cooking,cookery
cooking chocolate,bitter chocolate
cooking pan,pan
cooking stove,stove
cooking utensil,cookware
cookware,cooking utensil
cooky,cookie
cooky jar,cookie jar
cooler,ice chest
cooley's anaemia,Cooley's anemia
coolie,cooly
cooling,chilling
cooling system,engine cooling system
coolness,imperturbability
coolwart,foamflower
cooly,coolie
coon,nigger
coon bear,giant panda
coon cat,coati
coonskin,coonskin cap
coonskin cap,coonskin
coontie,Florida arrowroot
coop,chicken coop
cooper union for the advancement of science and art,Cooper Union
cooperativeness,amenability
cooperator,collaborator
coordinate bond,dative bond
coordinate geometry,analytic geometry
coordinate system,frame of reference
coordinated universal time,UTC
coordination compound,complex
coosa river,Coosa
cooter,river cooter
cootie,body louse
cop,bull
copaiba,copaiba balsam
copaiba balsam,copaiba
copaline,copalite
copalite,copaline
cope,header
copeck,kopek
copepod,copepod crustacean
copepod crustacean,copepod
copernicia alba,caranday
copernicia australis,caranday
copernicia cerifera,carnauba
copernicia prunifera,carnauba
copestone,finishing touch
copier,duplicator
copilot,co-pilot
coping,header
coping stone,capstone
copiousness,abundance
copper,Cu
copper's nark,nark
copper beech,purple beech
copper color,copper
copper glance,chalcocite
copper nose,rhinophyma
copper pyrites,chalcopyrite
copper rockfish,Sebastodes caurinus
copper sulfate,copper sulphate
copper sulphate,copper sulfate
copperhead,Agkistrodon contortrix
copperplate,copperplate engraving
copperplate engraving,copperplate
coppice,brush
copra oil,coconut oil
coprinus atramentarius,inky cap
coprinus comatus,shaggymane
coprolith,fecalith
coprophagia,coprophagy
coprophagy,coprophagia
copse,brush
coptis groenlandica,goldthread
coptis trifolia groenlandica,goldthread
copula,copulative
copulation,sexual intercourse
copy,transcript
copy editor,copyreader
copycat,imitator
copyist,scribe
copyreader,copy editor
copyright,right of first publication
copyright infringement,infringement of copyright
coquetry,flirt
coquette,flirt
cor anglais,English horn
cora,Persephone
coracan,finger millet
coracias garrulus,European roller
coragyps atratus,black vulture
corakan,finger millet
coral-root bittercress,coralroot
coral-wood,coralwood
coral bean,mescal bean
coral bean tree,Erythrina corallodendrum
coral bush,flame bush
coral drops,Bessera elegans
coral gem,Lotus berthelotii
coral honeysuckle,trumpet honeysuckle
coral necklace,Illecebrum verticullatum
coral snake,Old World coral snake
coral tree,erythrina
coral vine,Kennedia coccinea
coralbells,Heuchera sanguinea
coralberry,Indian currant
corallorhiza maculata,spotted coral root
corallorhiza striata,striped coral root
corallorhiza trifida,early coral root
coralroot,coral-root bittercress
coralwood,coral-wood
coralwort,coral-root bittercress
corbel,truss
corbel step,corbie-step
corbie-step,corbel step
corbiestep,corbel step
corbina,Menticirrhus undulatus
cord,electric cord
cord grass,cordgrass
cordarone,amiodarone
cordell hull,Hull
cordgrass,cord grass
cordia alliodora,Spanish elm
cordia gerascanthus,princewood
cordial reception,hospitality
cordiality,amity
cordon bleu,blue ribbon
cordova,Cordoba
cords,corduroys
corduroy,cord
corduroys,cords
cordyline australis,cabbage tree
cordyline terminalis,ti
core,nucleus
core group,core
core memory,magnetic core memory
coregonus artedi,cisco
coregonus clupeaformis,lake whitefish
coreid,coreid bug
coreid bug,coreid
coreopsis,tickseed
coreopsis gigantea,giant coreopsis
coreopsis maritima,sea dahlia
coreopsis tinctoria,calliopsis
corespondent,co-respondent
corgard,nadolol
corgi,Welsh corgi
coriander,coriander plant
coriander plant,coriander
coriander seed,coriander
coriandrum sativum,coriander
coricidin,chlorpheniramine maleate
corium,dermis
cork,phellem
cork jacket,life jacket
cork oak,Quercus suber
cork tree,Phellodendron amurense
corkscrew,bottle screw
corkscrew flower,snailflower
corkwood,corkwood tree
corkwood family,Leitneriaceae
corkwood tree,corkwood
cormorant,Phalacrocorax carbo
corn,maize
corn beef,bully beef
corn borer,Pyrausta nubilalis
corn borer moth,corn borer
corn campion,corn cockle
corn chamomile,field chamomile
corn cob,corncob
corn cockle,corn campion
corn dab,corn dodger
corn dodger,corn dab
corn earworm,cotton bollworm
corn field,cornfield
corn liquor,moonshine
corn marigold,field marigold
corn mayweed,scentless camomile
corn mint,field mint
corn poppy,field poppy
corn silk,cornsilk
corn smut,cornsmut
corn snake,red rat snake
corn speedwell,Veronica arvensis
corn spurrey,corn spurry
corn spurry,corn spurrey
corn stalk,cornstalk
corn tash,ashcake
corn whiskey,corn whisky
corn whisky,corn whiskey
corncob,corn cob
corncrake,land rail
corneal graft,keratoplasty
corneal transplant,keratoplasty
corned beef,bully beef
cornel,dogwood
cornelia otis skinner,Skinner
cornelian,carnelian
cornelian cherry,Cornus mas
cornelis jansen,Jansen
cornelius jansenius,Jansen
cornelius vanderbilt,Vanderbilt
corner,nook
corner man,end man
cornerstone,basis
cornet,horn
cornetist,trumpeter
corneum,stratum corneum
cornfield,corn field
cornflour,cornstarch
cornflower,strawflower
cornflower aster,stokes' aster
cornhusker,Nebraskan
cornhusker state,Nebraska
cornhusking,husking bee
cornice,valance
cornish fowl,Cornish
cornmeal,Indian meal
cornmeal mush,mush
cornpone,pone
cornsilk,corn silk
cornsmut,corn smut
cornstalk,corn stalk
cornstarch,cornflour
cornucopia,horn of plenty
cornus amomum,silky cornel
cornus canadensis,bunchberry
cornus florida,common white dogwood
cornus mas,cornelian cherry
cornus obliqua,silky dogwood
cornus sanguinea,common European dogwood
cornus stolonifera,red osier
corona,aureole
corona discharge,corona
coronach,dirge
coronal,wreath
coronal suture,sutura coronalis
coronary-artery disease,arteriosclerosis
coronary artery,arteria coronaria
coronary artery bypass graft,coronary bypass
coronary artery disease,atherosclerosis
coronary bypass,coronary bypass surgery
coronary bypass surgery,coronary bypass
coronary failure,heart failure
coronary insufficiency,cardiac insufficiency
coronary sinus,sinus coronarius
coronary thrombosis,coronary
coronation,enthronement
coroner,medical examiner
coronilla varia,axseed
coronoid process,processus coronoideus
corozo,corozo palm
corozo palm,corozo
corp,corporation
corporality,materiality
corporate executive,business executive
corporate trust,trust
corporation,corp
corporeality,materiality
corposant,corona discharge
corps,army corps
corps de ballet,ensemble
corps diplomatique,diplomatic service
corpse,cadaver
corpulence,overweight
corpulency,fleshiness
corpus,principal
corpus amygdaloideum,amygdala
corpus geniculatum laterale,lateral geniculate body
corpus geniculatum mediale,medial geniculate body
corpus mamillare,mamillary body
corpus sternum,gladiolus
corpus striatum,striatum
corpuscle,atom
corpuscular-radiation pressure,radiation pressure
corpuscular radiation,particulate radiation
corpuscular theory,corpuscular theory of light
corpuscular theory of light,corpuscular theory
corral,cow pen
corrasion,abrasion
correction,rectification
corrections,department of corrections
correctitude,propriety
correctness,rightness
corregidor,Bataan
correlation,correlativity
correlation coefficient,coefficient of correlation
correlational statistics,correlation
correlativity,correlation
correspondence,agreement
corrida,bullfight
corrie,cirque
corrigenda,corrigendum
corroboration,documentation
corrodentia,Psocoptera
corroding,corrosion
corrosion,corroding
corrosive sublimate,mercuric chloride
corrugated board,corrugated cardboard
corrugated cardboard,corrugated board
corrugated fastener,wiggle nail
corruption,corruptness
corruptness,corruption
corsage,bouquet
corsair,Barbary pirate
corselet,corslet
corset,girdle
corsica,Corse
corsican army,Armata Corsa
corslet,corselet
cortaderia richardii,plumed tussock
cortaderia selloana,pampas grass
cortef,hydrocortisone
cortege,retinue
cortex,cerebral cortex
cortez,Cortes
cortical area,cortical region
cortical epilepsy,focal epilepsy
cortical potential,brainwave
cortical region,cortical area
corticium salmonicolor,pink disease fungus
corticium solani,bottom rot fungus
corticoid,corticosteroid
corticospinal tract,pyramidal tract
corticosteroid,corticoid
corticotrophin,adrenocorticotropic hormone
corticotropin,adrenocorticotropic hormone
cortisol,hydrocortisone
cortisone,Cortone Acetate
cortone acetate,cortisone
corundom,corundum
corundum,corundom
coruscation,glitter
corvus brachyrhyncos,American crow
corvus corax,raven
corvus frugilegus,rook
corvus monedula,jackdaw
corydalis claviculata,climbing corydalis
corydalis sempervirens,Roman wormwood
corydalis solida,fumewort
corydalus cornutus,dobson
corylus americana,American hazel
corylus avellana,cobnut
corylus avellana grandis,cobnut
corylus cornuta,beaked hazelnut
corypha gebanga,gebang palm
corypha umbraculifera,talipot
corypha utan,gebang palm
corythosaur,corythosaurus
corythosaurus,corythosaur
coryza,rhinitis
cos,cosine
cos lettuce,romaine lettuce
cosa nostra,Mafia
cosec,cosecant
cosecant,cosec
cosh,blackjack
cosigner,cosignatory
cosimo the elder,Cosimo de Medici
cosine,cos
cosiness,coziness
cosmea,cosmos
cosmetic surgeon,plastic surgeon
cosmetic surgery,face lift
cosmetician,beautician
cosmic background radiation,CBR
cosmic microwave background,cosmic background radiation
cosmic microwave background radiation,cosmic background radiation
cosmic string,string
cosmocampus profundus,deepwater pipefish
cosmogeny,cosmology
cosmogony,cosmology
cosmographer,cosmographist
cosmographist,cosmographer
cosmology,cosmogony
cosmonaut,astronaut
cosmopolite,cosmopolitan
cosmos,universe
coss,kos
cost,monetary value
cost-of-living index,consumer price index
cost increase,rise
cost of capital,capital cost
costa,rib
costa rican colon,colon
costalgia,pleurodynia
costermonger,barrow-man
costia,Costia necatrix
costia necatrix,costia
costliness,dearness
costmary,alecost
costs,cost
costume designer,costumier
costumer,costumier
costumier,costumer
costusroot,Saussurea costus
cot,fingerstall
cot death,sudden infant death syndrome
cotan,cotangent
cotangent,cotan
cote d'azur,French Riviera
cote d'ivoire,Ivory Coast
cote d'ivoire franc,Ivory Coast franc
coterie,clique
cothromboplastin,proconvertin
cotilion,cotillion
cotillion,cotilion
cotinga,chatterer
cotinus americanus,American smokewood
cotinus coggygria,Venetian sumac
cotinus obovatus,American smokewood
cotswold hills,Cotswolds
cottage,bungalow
cottage cheese,pot cheese
cottage dweller,cottager
cottage pink,grass pink
cottager,cottage dweller
cottar,cotter
cotter,cottar
cottier,cotter
cotton,cotton fiber
cotton-seed tree,groundsel tree
cotton bollworm,corn earworm
cotton cake,cottonseed cake
cotton candy,spun sugar
cotton fiber,cotton
cotton flannel,Canton flannel
cotton gin,gin
cotton grass,cotton rush
cotton mouse,Peromyscus gossypinus
cotton plant,cotton
cotton rat,Sigmodon hispidus
cotton rose,Confederate rose
cotton rush,cotton grass
cotton thistle,woolly thistle
cotton wool,cotton
cottonmouth,water moccasin
cottonmouth moccasin,water moccasin
cottonseed cake,cotton cake
cottontail,wood rabbit
cottontail rabbit,wood rabbit
cottonweed,pearly everlasting
cottonwick,Haemulon malanurum
cottonwood,white basswood
cottrell precipitator,precipitator
cotula coronopifolia,brass buttons
coturnix communis,migratory quail
coturnix coturnix,migratory quail
cotyledon,seed leaf
cotyloid cavity,acetabulum
cotyloid joint,ball-and-socket joint
couch,sofa
couch grass,dog grass
coude system,coude telescope
coude telescope,coude system
cougar,puma
cough,coughing
cough drop,troche
coughing,cough
coulisse,wing flat
coulomb,C
coulter,colter
coumadin,warfarin
coumara nut,tonka bean
coumarone,benzofuran
coumarone-indene resin,coumarone resin
coumarone resin,coumarone-indene resin
coumarouna odorata,tonka bean
council board,conference table
council chamber,boardroom
council member,councillor
council of chalcedon,Chalcedon
council of constance,Constance
council of ephesus,Ephesus
council of vienne,Vienne
council table,conference table
councillor,council member
councillorship,councilorship
councilorship,councillorship
counsel,advocate
counseling,guidance
counselling,guidance
counsellor,counselor
counsellorship,counselorship
counselor,counsellor
counselor-at-law,advocate
counselorship,counsellorship
count,counting
count alessandro di cagliostro,Cagliostro
count alessandro volta,Volta
count ferdinand von zeppelin,Zeppelin
count lev nikolayevitch tolstoy,Tolstoy
count maurice maeterlinck,Maeterlinck
count nikolaus ludwig von zinzendorf,Zinzendorf
count per minute,counts/minute
count rumford,Thompson
countenance,visage
counter-revolutionist,counterrevolutionist
counteraction,neutralization
counterattack,countermove
counterbalance,counterweight
counterbore,countersink
countercheck,double check
counterclockwise rotation,levorotation
countercurrent,rip
counterfeiter,forger
counterfoil,stub
counterglow,gegenschein
counterinsurgency,pacification
counterman,counterperson
countermove,counterattack
counterpane,bedspread
counterpart,opposite number
counterperson,counterwoman
counterplan,counterplot
counterplay,counterattack
counterplot,counterplan
counterpoise,counterweight
counterpoison,antidote
counterpunch,parry
counterrevolutionist,counter-revolutionist
countersign,password
countersignature,countersign
countersink,counterbore
countersink bit,counterbore
counterspy,mole
counterweight,counterbalance
counterwoman,counterperson
counting,count
countlessness,innumerableness
country,state
country-dance,country dancing
country and western,country music
country borage,Coleus aromaticus
country dancing,country-dance
country music,country and western
country of origin,fatherland
country people,countryfolk
country store,general store
countryfolk,country people
countryman,ruralist
counts/minute,count per minute
county agent,agricultural agent
county courthouse,county seat
county seat,county courthouse
county town,shire town
coup,coup d'etat
coup d'etat,coup
coup d'oeil,glance
coup de grace,deathblow
coup de main,surprise attack
couple,twosome
coupler,coupling
couplet,couple
coupling,yoke
coupon,voucher
coupon bond,bearer bond
courage,courageousness
courageousness,courage
courbaril,Hymenaea courbaril
courgette,zucchini
courier,messenger
courlan,Aramus guarauna
course catalog,course catalogue
course catalogue,course catalog
course credit,credit
course of action,course
course of instruction,course
course of study,program
course session,class period
courser,charger
court,tribunal
court card,face card
court of appeals,appellate court
court of assize,assizes
court of assize and nisi prius,assizes
court of chancery,chancery
court of domestic relations,family court
court of justice,court
court of law,court
court tennis,royal tennis
courtesan,concubine
courtesy,good manners
courting,courtship
courtroom,court
courtship,wooing
courtyard,court
cousin,first cousin
cousin-german,cousin
couturier,fashion designer
covalence,covalency
covalency,covalence
covenant,compact
coventry,banishment
cover,screen
cover charge,cover
cover girl,pin-up
cover glass,cover slip
cover letter,covering letter
cover slip,cover glass
cover song,cover
cover version,cover
coverage,insurance coverage
covered stadium,dome
covered stand,grandstand
covered wagon,Conestoga wagon
covering,natural covering
covering fire,cover
covering letter,cover letter
covertness,hiddenness
covetousness,avarice
coville,creosote bush
cow,moo-cow
cow's head,Morchella semilibera
cow-nosed ray,cownose ray
cow-tongue fern,Florida strap fern
cow barn,cowbarn
cow chip,chip
cow cockle,cowherb
cow dung,chip
cow lily,spatterdock
cow man,cattleman
cow oak,basket oak
cow parsley,wild chervil
cow parsnip,hogweed
cow pen,cattle pen
cow pie,cowpie
cow shark,six-gilled shark
cow town,cowtown
cowage,velvet bean
cowardice,cowardliness
cowardliness,cowardice
cowbarn,cowshed
cowberry,mountain cranberry
cowboy,cowpuncher
cowboy hat,ten-gallon hat
cowcatcher,fender
cowfish,Lactophrys quadricornis
cowhand,cowboy
cowherb,cow cockle
cowherd,cowboy
cowhide,cowskin
cowhouse,cowbarn
cowl,hood
cowl muscle,trapezius
cowling,hood
cowman,cowboy
cownose ray,cow-nosed ray
cowpea,black-eyed pea
cowpea plant,cowpea
cowpen daisy,golden crownbeard
cowpie,cow pie
cowpoke,cowboy
cowpox,vaccinia
cowpuncher,cowboy
cowrie,cowry
cowry,cowrie
cows,cattle
cowshed,cowbarn
cowskin,cowhide
cowslip,paigle
cowtown,cow town
cox,cyclooxygenase
cox-1,cyclooxygenase-1
cox-2,cyclooxygenase-2
coxa,hip
coxcomb,cockscomb
coxsackie virus,coxsackievirus
coxsackievirus,Coxsackie virus
coxswain,cox
coyness,demureness
coyol,coyol palm
coyol palm,coyol
coyote,prairie wolf
coyote brush,coyote bush
coyote bush,coyote brush
coyote state,South Dakota
coypu,nutria
cozenage,scam
coziness,cosiness
cpa,certified public accountant
cpi,consumer price index
cpr,cardiopulmonary resuscitation
cps,hertz
cpu,central processing unit
cr,chromium
crab,crabby person
crab-eating dog,crab-eating fox
crab-eating fox,crab-eating dog
crab-eating macaque,croo monkey
crab-eating raccoon,Procyon cancrivorus
crab-eating seal,crabeater seal
crab apple,crabapple
crab cactus,Thanksgiving cactus
crab grass,crabgrass
crab louse,pubic louse
crabapple,crab apple
crabbedness,crabbiness
crabbiness,crabbedness
crabby person,crab
crabeater seal,crab-eating seal
crabgrass,crab grass
crabmeat,crab
crabs,pediculosis pubis
crack-up,breakdown
crack addict,binger
crack cocaine,crack
crack of doom,Judgment Day
crack shot,marksman
crack willow,brittle willow
cracker,redneck
cracker bonbon,cracker
crackerberry,bunchberry
crackerjack,jimdandy
crackle china,crackle
crackleware,crackle
crackling,greaves
cracklings,greaves
crackpot,crank
cracksman,safebreaker
cradle,birthplace
cradlesong,lullaby
craft,trade
crafter,craftsman
craftiness,craft
craftsman,crafter
craftsmanship,craft
cragsman,rock climber
craig ventner,Ventner
crambe maritima,sea kale
cramp,spasm
cramp iron,cramp
crampbark,guelder rose
crampfish,electric ray
crampon,crampoon
crampoon,crampon
cranberry bush,cranberry tree
cranberry heath,native cranberry
cranberry tree,guelder rose
crane's bill,cranesbill
crane fly,daddy longlegs
cranesbill,crane's bill
cranial cavity,intracranial cavity
cranial index,cephalic index
cranial orbit,eye socket
craniata,Vertebrata
craniate,vertebrate
craniologist,phrenologist
cranium,braincase
crank handle,starting handle
crankiness,crotchetiness
cranny,crevice
crap,dirt
crap-shooter,shooter
crap game,crap shooting
crap shooting,crapshoot
crapaud,South American bullfrog
crape,crepe
crape fern,Prince-of-Wales fern
crape jasmine,crepe jasmine
crape myrtle,crepe myrtle
crapette,Russian bank
crapper,toilet
craps,snake eyes
crapshoot,crap shooting
crapulence,drink
crash,clang
crash course,crash program
crash program,crash course
crash programme,crash course
crasher,gatecrasher
crassitude,crassness
crassness,crassitude
crataegus aestivalis,mayhaw
crataegus apiifolia,parsley haw
crataegus biltmoreana,scarlet haw
crataegus calpodendron,blackthorn
crataegus coccinea,red haw
crataegus coccinea mollis,red haw
crataegus crus-galli,cockspur thorn
crataegus laevigata,whitethorn
crataegus marshallii,parsley haw
crataegus mollis,red haw
crataegus monogyna,English hawthorn
crataegus oxyacantha,evergreen thorn
crataegus oxycantha,whitethorn
crataegus pedicellata,red haw
crataegus tomentosa,blackthorn
crate,crateful
crateful,crate
crater,volcanic crater
craw,crop
crawdad,crayfish
crawdaddy,crayfish
crawfish,crayfish
crawl,front crawl
crawl space,crawlspace
crawler,sycophant
crawling,crawl
crawlspace,crawl space
crayfish,spiny lobster
crayon,wax crayon
craze,fad
craziness,daftness
crazy bone,funny bone
crazy house,Bedlam
crazy weed,locoweed
crazyweed,locoweed
creak,creaking
creaking,creak
cream,pick
cream-colored courser,Cursorius cursor
cream-of-tartar tree,sour gourd
cream of tartar,tartar
cream pitcher,creamer
cream puff,chou
cream violet,pale violet
creamcups,Platystemon californicus
creamer,cream pitcher
creaminess,soupiness
crease,fold
creashak,common bearberry
creatin,creatine
creatine,creatin
creatine phosphate,phosphocreatine
creatine phosphoric acid,phosphocreatine
creation,creative activity
creative activity,creation
creative person,artist
creative thinker,thinker
creative thinking,creativity
creativeness,creativity
creativity,creativeness
creator,Godhead
creature,animal
creature comforts,comforts
creche,foundling hospital
cred,street credibility
credence,acceptance
credendum,article of faith
credential,certificate
credentials,certificate
credenza,credence
credibility,credibleness
credibleness,credibility
credit,recognition
credit account,charge account
credit card,charge card
credit crunch,liquidity crisis
credit entry,credit
credit hour,semester hour
credit line,line of credit
credit order,bill-me order
credit rating,credit
credits,recognition
credo,creed
credulousness,gullibility
creed,credo
creek,brook
creek bed,streambed
creep,weirdo
creeper,crawler
creeping,crawl
creeping bellflower,Campanula rapunculoides
creeping bent,creeping bentgrass
creeping bentgrass,creeping bent
creeping bugle,Ajuga reptans
creeping buttercup,creeping crowfoot
creeping charlie,moneywort
creeping crowfoot,creeping buttercup
creeping fern,Hartford fern
creeping jenny,moneywort
creeping juniper,Juniperus horizontalis
creeping lily,gloriosa
creeping oxalis,creeping wood sorrel
creeping snowberry,moxie plum
creeping soft grass,Holcus mollis
creeping spike rush,Eleocharis palustris
creeping thistle,Canada thistle
creeping thyme,wild thyme
creeping willow,Salix repens
creeping windmill grass,windmill grass
creeping wintergreen,teaberry
creeping wood sorrel,creeping oxalis
creeping zinnia,Sanvitalia procumbens
creeps,creep
creepy-crawlies,creepy-crawly
creese,kris
cremation chamber,crematory
crematorium,crematory
crematory,crematorium
crenation,scallop
crenature,scallop
crenel,scallop
crenelation,battlement
crenellation,battlement
crenelle,scallop
creole-fish,Paranthias furcifer
creosote,coal-tar creosote
creosote bush,coville
crepe,crepe paper
crepe fern,king fern
crepe flower,crape myrtle
crepe gardenia,crape jasmine
crepe jasmine,crape jasmine
crepe marocain,marocain
crepe myrtle,crape myrtle
crepe paper,crepe
crepitation,crackle
crepuscle,twilight
crepuscule,twilight
crescent-cell anaemia,sickle-cell anemia
crescent-cell anemia,sickle-cell anemia
crescent roll,croissant
crescentia cujete,calabash
cresol,methyl phenol
cress,cress plant
cress plant,cress
crest,peak
crested cariama,seriema
crested coral root,Hexalectris spicata
crested myna,Acridotheres tristis
crested penguin,rock hopper
crested swift,tree swift
crested wheat grass,crested wheatgrass
crested wheatgrass,crested wheat grass
crestless wave,swell
cretaceous period,Cretaceous
cretan dittany,dittany of crete
crete dittany,dittany of crete
cretin,idiot
crevalle jack,jack crevalle
crevice,cranny
crew,gang
crew cut,flattop
crew member,crewman
crew neck,crew neckline
crew neckline,crew neck
crewet,cruet
crewman,sailor
crex crex,corncrake
crib,cot
crib death,sudden infant death syndrome
cribbage,crib
cricetus cricetus,Eurasian hamster
crick,kink
cricket-bat willow,Salix alba caerulea
cricket bat,bat
crier,weeper
crime,offense
crime syndicate,syndicate
criminal congress,unlawful carnal knowledge
criminal conversation,adultery
criminal maintenance,maintenance
criminal negligence,culpable negligence
criminal offence,crime
criminal offense,crime
criminal prosecution,prosecution
criminal record,record
criminalisation,criminalization
criminalism,criminality
criminality,criminalism
criminalization,criminalisation
criminalness,criminalism
crimp,fold
crimper,crimp
crimson clover,Italian clover
cringle,eyelet
crinion,trichion
crinkle,wrinkle
crinkle-root,crinkleroot
crinkle root,crinkleroot
crinkleroot,crinkle-root
crinoline,hoopskirt
crisphead lettuce,iceberg lettuce
crispiness,brittleness
crispness,brittleness
cristal,Adam
cristobal balenciaga,Balenciaga
cristobal colon,Columbus
cristoforo colombo,Columbus
criterion,standard
critical analysis,critical appraisal
critical appraisal,critical analysis
critical point,juncture
critical review,review
criticality,criticalness
criticalness,criticality
criticism,unfavorable judgment
critique,review
critter sitter,pet sitter
crixivan,indinavir
crna gora,Montenegro
cro,oscilloscope
croak,croaking
croaking,croak
croat,Croatian
crocanthemum canadense,frostweed
crocethia alba,sanderling
crochet,crocheting
crochet hook,crochet needle
crochet needle,crochet hook
crocheting,crochet
crock,carbon black
crockery,dishware
crocodile bird,Pluvianus aegyptius
crocodile river,Limpopo
crocodilia,Crocodylia
crocodilian,crocodilian reptile
crocodilian reptile,crocodilian
crocodilus,Crocodylus
crocodylus niloticus,African crocodile
crocodylus porosus,Asian crocodile
crocus sativus,saffron
crocuta crocuta,spotted hyena
crohn's disease,regional enteritis
croissant,crescent roll
cromlech,dolmen
cromorne,krummhorn
cronartium ribicola,blister rust
crone,hag
crony,buddy
croo monkey,crab-eating macaque
crook,criminal
crookedness,tortuosity
crookneck,crookneck squash
crookneck squash,crookneck
crooner,balladeer
crop,harvest
crop-dusting,spraying
cropper,sharecropper
crosier,crozier
cross-classification,cross-division
cross-country jumping,cross-country riding
cross-country riding,cross-country jumping
cross-division,cross-classification
cross-dresser,transvestite
cross-examiner,cross-questioner
cross-eye,crossed eye
cross-fertilisation,cross-fertilization
cross-fertilization,cross-fertilisation
cross-index,cross-reference
cross-leaved heath,bell heather
cross-link,cross-linkage
cross-linkage,cross-link
cross-questioner,cross-examiner
cross-reference,cross-index
cross bun,hot cross bun
cross dressing,transvestism
cross hair,cross wire
cross infection,nonsocial infection
cross of calvary,Calvary cross
cross of lorraine,Lorraine cross
cross product,vector product
cross thwart,thwart
cross vine,trumpet flower
cross wire,cross hair
crossbeam,trave
crossbill,Loxia curvirostra
crossbreed,hybrid
crossbreeding,hybridization
crosscurrent,rip
crosscut,shortcut
crosscut handsaw,crosscut saw
crosscut saw,crosscut handsaw
crossed eye,cross-eye
crosshatch,hatch
crosshead,crossheading
crossheading,crosshead
crossing,ford
crossing over,crossover
crossjack,mizzen course
crossness,irritability
crossopterygian,lobefin
crossover,crossing over
crossover voter,crossover
crosspatch,grouch
crosspiece,trave
crossroad,intersection
crossroads,hamlet
crosstalk,XT
crosstie,tie
crosswalk,crossing
crossway,intersection
crossword,crossword puzzle
crossword puzzle,crossword
crotal,crottle
crotalaria,rattlebox
crotalaria sagitallis,American rattlebox
crotalaria spectabilis,Indian rattlebox
crotalus adamanteus,diamondback
crotalus atrox,Western diamondback
crotalus cerastes,sidewinder
crotalus horridus atricaudatus,canebrake rattlesnake
crotalus horridus horridus,timber rattlesnake
crotalus lepidus,rock rattlesnake
crotalus mitchellii,speckled rattlesnake
crotalus scutulatus,Mojave rattlesnake
crotalus tigris,tiger rattlesnake
crotalus viridis,prairie rattlesnake
crotch,fork
crotch hair,pubic hair
crotchet,hook
crotchetiness,crankiness
croton,Codiaeum variegatum
croton bug,German cockroach
croton eluteria,cascarilla
croton tiglium,croton
crotonbug,German cockroach
crottal,crottle
crottle,crottal
croup,spasmodic laryngitis
croupe,hindquarters
crow's feet,crow's foot
crow's foot,crow's feet
crow-bait,crowbait
crow blackbird,grackle
crow corn,colicroot
crow garlic,false garlic
crow pheasant,Centropus sinensis
crow step,corbel step
crowbait,crow-bait
crowbar,wrecking bar
crowberry family,Empetraceae
crowd,crew
crowfoot,buttercup
crowfoot family,Ranunculaceae
crowfoot grass,Egyptian grass
crown-beard,crownbeard
crown-of-the-field,corn cockle
crown beard,crownbeard
crown daisy,Chrysanthemum coronarium
crown glass,optical crown
crown imperial,Fritillaria imperialis
crown jewels,crown jewel
crown monkey,bonnet macaque
crown of thorns,cross
crown roast,rack of lamb
crown vetch,axseed
crownbeard,crown-beard
crowned head,sovereign
crownwork,crown
crozier,crosier
crp,C-reactive protein
crt,cathode-ray tube
crt screen,screen
cruciality,criticality
crucian carp,Carassius carassius
crucible,melting pot
crucifer,cruciferous plant
cruciferous plant,crucifer
crucifix,rood
crud,filth
crude oil,petroleum
crudeness,crudity
crudity,crudeness
cruel plant,Araujia sericofera
cruelness,cruelty
cruelty,inhuman treatment
cruet,crewet
cruise,sail
cruise liner,cruise ship
cruise ship,cruise liner
cruiser,police cruiser
cruiserweight,light heavyweight
cruller,twister
crumb,rotter
crumbliness,friability
crumhorn,krummhorn
crunch,crush
crusade,campaign
crusader,reformer
crush,crushed leather
crushed leather,crush
crushed rock,gravel
crust,Earth's crust
crustal movement,tectonic movement
crustal plate,plate
crux,Southern Cross
crux australis,Southern Cross
crux of the matter,crux
cry,outcry
cry-baby tree,ceibo
cryaesthesia,cryesthesia
crybaby,wimp
crybaby tree,ceibo
cryesthesia,cryaesthesia
cryoanaesthesia,cryoanesthesia
cryoanesthesia,cryoanaesthesia
cryogenics,cryogeny
cryogeny,cryogenics
cryolite,Greenland spar
cryopathy,frostbite
cryptacanthodes maculatus,wrymouth
cryptanalysis,cryptanalytics
cryptanalyst,cryptographer
cryptanalytics,cryptanalysis
cryptobranchus alleganiensis,hellbender
cryptocoryne,water trumpet
cryptogram,cryptograph
cryptogramma acrostichoides,American rock brake
cryptogramma crispa,European parsley fern
cryptograph,cipher
cryptographer,cryptanalyst
cryptography,cryptanalysis
cryptologist,cryptanalyst
cryptology,cryptanalysis
cryptomeria japonica,Japanese cedar
cryptomonad,cryptophyte
cryptophyte,cryptomonad
cryptoprocta ferox,fossa
cryptorchidism,cryptorchidy
cryptorchidy,cryptorchidism
cryptorchism,cryptorchidy
cryptotermes brevis,powder-post termite
cryptotis parva,least shrew
crystal,crystallization
crystal lattice,space lattice
crystal oscillator,quartz oscillator
crystal rectifier,diode
crystal tea,Labrador tea
crystal violet,gentian violet
crystalline lens,lens
crystallisation,crystallization
crystallization,crystallisation
crystallized fruit,candied fruit
crystallizing,crystallization
cs,cesium
cs gas,chlorobenzylidenemalononitrile
cse,Communications Security Establishment
csis,Canadian Security Intelligence Service
cst,Central Time
ct,Connecticut
ctc,Counterterrorist Center
ctene,comb-plate
ctenocephalides canis,dog flea
ctenocephalides felis,cat flea
ctenophore,comb jelly
cu,copper
cu ft,cubic foot
cu in,cubic inch
cub,greenhorn
cub shark,bull shark
cubage unit,volume unit
cuban capital,Havana
cuban itch,alastrim
cuban mahogany,true mahogany
cuban sandwich,bomber
cuban spinach,winter purslane
cubature unit,volume unit
cubby,cubbyhole
cubbyhole,pigeonhole
cube,regular hexahedron
cubeb,cubeb vine
cubeb cigarette,cubeb
cubeb vine,cubeb
cubic centimeter,milliliter
cubic centimetre,milliliter
cubic content unit,volume unit
cubic decimeter,liter
cubic decimetre,liter
cubic foot,cu ft
cubic inch,cu in
cubic kilometer,cubic kilometre
cubic kilometre,cubic kilometer
cubic measure,volume unit
cubic meter,kiloliter
cubic metre,kiloliter
cubic millimeter,cubic millimetre
cubic millimetre,cubic millimeter
cubic yard,yard
cubicle,cell
cubital joint,elbow
cubital nerve,ulnar nerve
cubitus,elbow
cuboidal cell,cuboidal epithelial cell
cuboidal epithelial cell,cuboidal cell
cucking stool,ducking stool
cuckoo,fathead
cuckoo's nest,Bedlam
cuckoo bread,common wood sorrel
cuckoo flower,lady's smock
cuckooflower,lady's smock
cuckoopint,lords-and-ladies
cuculus canorus,European cuckoo
cucumber,cucumber vine
cucumber tree,Magnolia acuminata
cucumber vine,cucumber
cucumis melo,sweet melon
cucumis melo cantalupensis,cantaloupe
cucumis melo inodorus,winter melon
cucumis melo reticulatus,net melon
cucumis sativus,cucumber
cucurbita argyrosperma,cushaw
cucurbita foetidissima,prairie gourd
cucurbita maxima,butternut squash
cucurbita maxima turbaniformis,turban squash
cucurbita mixta,cushaw
cucurbita moschata,winter crookneck
cucurbita pepo,pumpkin
cucurbita pepo melopepo,summer squash
cud,rechewed food
cudbear,orchil
cuddle,nestle
cuddling,caressing
cudweed,cotton rose
cue,clue
cue stick,cue
cuff,turnup
cuisine,culinary art
cuke,cucumber
cul,cul de sac
cul de sac,cul
culcita dubia,false bracken
culex fatigans,Culex quinquefasciatus
culex pipiens,common mosquito
culinary art,cuisine
cull,reject
cullender,colander
culmination,apogee
culpability,blameworthiness
culpable negligence,criminal negligence
culpableness,blameworthiness
culprit,perpetrator
cult,fad
cultism,idolatry
cultivated cabbage,cabbage
cultivated carrot,carrot
cultivated celery,celery
cultivated crab apple,crab apple
cultivated land,farmland
cultivated rice,Oryza sativa
cultivated strawberry,garden strawberry
cultivation,polish
cultivator,agriculturist
cultural anthropologist,social anthropologist
cultural anthropology,social anthropology
culture,civilization
culture medium,medium
cultus,cult
culver's physic,Culver's root
culvers physic,Culver's root
culvers root,Culver's root
cum,semen
cumarone,benzofuran
cumberland plateau,Cumberland Mountains
cumberland river,Cumberland
cumbersomeness,awkwardness
cumfrey,comfrey
cumin,Cuminum cyminum
cumin seed,cumin
cuminum cyminum,cumin
cummings,e. e. cummings
cumquat,kumquat
cumulation,pile
cumulative preferred,cumulative preferred stock
cumulative preferred stock,cumulative preferred
cumulonimbus,cumulonimbus cloud
cumulonimbus cloud,cumulonimbus
cumulus,cumulus cloud
cumulus cloud,cumulus
cunctation,procrastination
cunctator,procrastinator
cuneiform bone,triquetral
cuneus,wedge
cuniculus paca,paca
cunner,bergall
cunnilinctus,cunnilingus
cunnilingus,cunnilinctus
cunonia family,Cunoniaceae
cunt,bitch
cuon alpinus,dhole
cup,cupful
cup and saucer,Canterbury bell
cup fungus,discomycete
cup morel,Disciotis venosa
cup of tea,bag
cupboard,closet
cupel,bone-ash cup
cupflower,chalice vine
cupful,cup
cupid's dart,blue succory
cupid's disease,venereal disease
cupid's itch,venereal disease
cupidity,avarice
cuppa,cupper
cupper,cuppa
cupressus abramsiana,Santa Cruz cypress
cupressus arizonica,Arizona cypress
cupressus goveniana,gowen cypress
cupressus goveniana abramsiana,Santa Cruz cypress
cupressus goveniana pigmaea,pygmy cypress
cupressus guadalupensis,Guadalupe cypress
cupressus lusitanica,Mexican cypress
cupressus macrocarpa,Monterey cypress
cupressus pigmaea,pygmy cypress
cupressus sempervirens,Italian cypress
cupric acetate,verdigris
cupric sulfate,copper sulfate
cupric sulphate,copper sulfate
cuprimine,penicillamine
cupule,acorn cup
cuquenan falls,Cuquenan
cur,mongrel
curability,curableness
curableness,curability
curacoa,curacao
curare,tubocurarine
curate,minister of religion
curator,conservator
curb,curbing
curb bit,curb
curbing,curb
curbstone,kerbstone
curcuma domestica,turmeric
curcuma longa,turmeric
curdling,clotting
cure,remedy
cure-all,panacea
curet,curette
curettage,curettement
curette,curet
curettement,curettage
curie,Ci
curie point,Curie temperature
curietherapy,radium therapy
curing,hardening
curio,curiosity
curiosity,wonder
curiousness,inquisitiveness
curium,Cm
curl,coil
curled leaf pondweed,curly pondweed
curler,hair curler
curlew sandpiper,Calidris Ferruginea
curlicue,coil
curliness,waviness
curly-heads,Clematis ochreleuca
curly clematis,blue jasmine
curly endive,chicory
curly grass,curly grass fern
curly grass fern,curly grass
curly pondweed,curled leaf pondweed
curlycup gumweed,Grindelia squarrosa
currajong,kurrajong
currant,currant bush
currant bush,currant
currawong,bell magpie
currency,currentness
current account,checking account
current assets,liquid assets
current electricity,dynamic electricity
current of air,wind
currentness,currency
currer bell,Bronte
curriculum,course of study
curriculum vitae,CV
curse,curse word
curse word,curse
cursed crowfoot,celery-leaved buttercup
cursive script,longhand
cursor,pointer
cursorius cursor,cream-colored courser
curtailment,suppression
curtain,drape
curtain call,bow
curtain raising,opening
curtilage,yard
curtness,abruptness
curtsey,curtsy
curtsy,curtsey
curvaceousness,shapeliness
curvature,curve
curve,curved shape
curve ball,curve
curved shape,curve
curvet,vaulting
curvilinear correlation,nonlinear correlation
cusco,Cuzco
cuscuta gronovii,love vine
cush-cush,Dioscorea trifida
cushat,wood pigeon
cushaw,Cucurbita mixta
cushion,shock absorber
cushion calamint,wild basil
cushion flower,pincushion hakea
cushioning,padding
cusk,torsk
cusp,leaflet
cuspid,canine
cuspidor,spittoon
cuss,pest
cussedness,orneriness
custard-apple family,Annonaceae
custard apple,custard apple tree
custard apple tree,custard apple
custer's last stand,Little Bighorn
custodian,keeper
custody,detention
customer,client
customer's broker,account executive
customer's man,account executive
customhouse,customshouse
customs,customs duty
customs bureau,Bureau of Customs
customs duty,customs
customs service,Bureau of Customs
customshouse,customhouse
cut-and-thrust,knife fight
cut-in,insert
cut-rate sale,sale
cut-up,prankster
cut of meat,cut
cut price,bargain rate
cut rate,bargain rate
cutaneous anthrax,malignant pustule
cutaneous leishmaniasis,Old World leishmaniasis
cutaneous sensation,haptic sensation
cutaneous senses,touch
cutaneous vein,vena cutanea
cutaway,cutaway drawing
cutaway drawing,cutaway
cutaway model,cutaway
cutch,kutch
cuteness,prettiness
cuticle,epidermis
cutis,skin
cutlas,cutlass
cutlass,cutlas
cutlassfish,frost fish
cutleaved coneflower,Rudbeckia laciniata
cutlery,cutter
cutlet,scallop
cutoff,shortcut
cutoff saw,crosscut saw
cutpurse,pickpocket
cutter,stonecutter
cutting board,chopping board
cutting edge,vanguard
cutting off,abscission
cutting out,ablation
cutting tool,cutter
cuttle,cuttlefish
cuttlefish,cuttle
cva,stroke
cwm,cirque
cwt,hundredweight
cy pres,rule of cy pres
cy pres doctrine,cy pres
cy young,Young
cyamopsis psoraloides,guar
cyamopsis tetragonolobus,guar
cyanamid,cyanamide
cyanamide,cyanamid
cyanide,nitrile
cyanide group,cyano group
cyanide radical,cyano group
cyanite,kyanite
cyano group,cyano radical
cyano radical,cyano group
cyanobacteria,blue-green algae
cyanocitta cristata,blue jay
cyanocobalamin,vitamin B12
cyanophyceae,class Cyanobacteria
cyanuramide,melamine
cyathea medullaris,silver tree fern
cyber-terrorism,cyberwar
cyber-terrorist,hacker
cybernation,computerization
cyberpunk,hacker
cyberspace,internet
cyberwar,cyber-terrorism
cyborg,bionic man
cycad family,Cycadaceae
cycadophyta,Cycadopsida
cycadophytina,Cycadopsida
cycas circinalis,false sago
cycas revoluta,sago palm
cyclades,Cycladic civilization
cycladic civilisation,Cycladic civilization
cycladic culture,Cycladic civilization
cyclamen,Cyclamen purpurascens
cyclamen hederifolium,sowbread
cyclamen neopolitanum,sowbread
cyclamen purpurascens,cyclamen
cycle,rhythm
cycle per second,hertz
cycle rickshaw,pedicab
cycles/second,hertz
cyclic disorder,cyclothymia
cyclicity,periodicity
cyclist,bicyclist
cyclobenzaprine,Flexeril
cycloloma atriplicifolium,winged pigweed
cyclone cellar,storm cellar
cyclooxygenase,Cox
cyclooxygenase-1,Cox-1
cyclooxygenase-2,Cox-2
cyclopaedia,encyclopedia
cyclopedia,encyclopedia
cyclopes didactylus,silky anteater
cyclophorus lingua,felt fern
cyclopterus lumpus,lumpfish
cyclorama,panorama
cyclosis,streaming
cyclothymia,cyclothymic disorder
cyclothymic disorder,cyclothymia
cyder,cider
cydippea,Cydippida
cydippidea,Cydippida
cydonia oblonga,quince
cygnus atratus,black swan
cygnus buccinator,trumpeter
cygnus columbianus,tundra swan
cygnus columbianus bewickii,Bewick's swan
cygnus columbianus columbianus,whistling swan
cygnus cygnus,whooper
cygnus olor,mute swan
cylinder,piston chamber
cylinder block,engine block
cylinder press,flatbed press
cylindrical lining,bushing
cylindricality,cylindricalness
cylindricalness,cylindricality
cylix,kylix
cyma,cymatium
cyma reversa,ogee
cymatium,cyma
cymbid,cymbidium
cymbidium,cymbid
cymling,pattypan squash
cymograph,kymograph
cymric,Welsh
cymru,Wales
cymry,Welshman
cynara cardunculus,cardoon
cynara scolymus,artichoke
cynic,faultfinder
cynipid gall wasp,gall wasp
cynipid wasp,gall wasp
cynodon dactylon,Bermuda grass
cynodon plectostachyum,giant star grass
cynoglossum amabile,Chinese forget-me-not
cynoglossum officinale,hound's-tongue
cynoglossum virginaticum,hound's-tongue
cynomys gunnisoni,whitetail prairie dog
cynomys ludovicianus,blacktail prairie dog
cynoscion nebulosus,spotted weakfish
cynoscion regalis,weakfish
cynthia,Artemis
cynthia moth,Samia cynthia
cynwulf,Cynewulf
cyon,Cuon
cyperus alternifolius,umbrella plant
cyperus esculentus,chufa
cyperus longus,galingale
cyperus papyrus,papyrus
cyperus rotundus,nutgrass
cypher,zero
cypraea moneta,money cowrie
cypraea tigris,tiger cowrie
cypre,Spanish elm
cypress,cypress tree
cypress family,Cupressaceae
cypress sedge,Carex pseudocyperus
cypress spurge,Euphorbia cyparissias
cypress tree,cypress
cypress vine,star-glory
cyprinid fish,cyprinid
cyprinus carpio,domestic carp
cypripedium acaule,moccasin flower
cypripedium album,common lady's-slipper
cypripedium arietinum,ram's-head
cypripedium calceolus,yellow lady's slipper
cypripedium calceolus pubescens,large yellow lady's slipper
cypripedium californicum,California lady's slipper
cypripedium fasciculatum,clustered lady's slipper
cypripedium montanum,mountain lady's slipper
cypripedium parviflorum,yellow lady's slipper
cypripedium reginae,common lady's-slipper
cyproheptadine,Periactin
cyril burt,Burt
cyril lodowic burt,Burt
cyril northcote parkinson,Parkinson
cyrilla,leatherwood
cyrilla family,Cyrilliaceae
cyrilla racemiflora,cyrilla
cyrtomium aculeatum,holly fern
cyrus hall mccormick,McCormick
cyrus mccormick,McCormick
cyrus the elder,Cyrus II
cyrus the great,Cyrus II
cyrus the younger,Cyrus
cyst,vesicle
cystic artery,arteria cystica
cystic breast disease,fibrocystic breast disease
cystic fibrosis,CF
cystic fibrosis transport regulator,CFTR
cystic mastitis,fibrocystic breast disease
cystic vein,vena cystica
cystocele,colpocystocele
cystolith,bladder stone
cystoparalysis,cystoplegia
cystophora cristata,hooded seal
cystoplegia,cystoparalysis
cystopteris bulbifera,bulblet fern
cystopteris fragilis,brittle bladder fern
cystopteris montana,mountain bladder fern
cytesis proliferus,tagasaste
cytherea,Aphrodite
cytidine,deoxycytidine
cytisus albus,white broom
cytisus multiflorus,white broom
cytisus ramentaceus,Dalmatian laburnum
cytisus scoparius,common broom
cytoarchitectonics,cytoarchitecture
cytoarchitecture,cytoarchitectonics
cytogenesis,cytogeny
cytogeny,cytogenesis
cytokinin,kinin
cytol,cytoplasm
cytologic smear,smear
cytomegalovirus,CMV
cytomembrane,cell membrane
cytoplasm,cytol
cytosine,C
cytosmear,smear
cytotoxic t cell,killer T cell
czar,tsar
czar alexander i,Alexander I
czar alexander ii,Alexander II
czar alexander iii,Alexander III
czar nicholas i,Nicholas I
czar peter i,Peter I
czarina,tsarina
czaritza,czarina
czech capital,Prague
czechoslovak,Czechoslovakian
d. h. lawrence,Lawrence
d. w. griffith,Griffith
d.a.,Doctor of Arts
d.c.,District of Columbia
d.p.r.k.,North Korea
d and c,dilation and curettage
d region,D-layer
da,district attorney
da'wah,dawah
da vinci,Leonardo
dab,tap
dabbler,dilettante
dabbling duck,dabbler
dabchick,little grebe
daboecia cantabrica,Connemara heath
dacca,Dhaka
dace,Leuciscus leuciscus
dacelo gigas,kookaburra
dachshund,dachsie
dachsie,dachshund
dacninae,Coerebidae
dacoit,dakoit
dacoity,dakoity
dacridium laxifolius,mountain rimu
dacrycarpus dacrydioides,kahikatea
dacrydium bidwilli,tarwood
dacrydium colensoi,tarwood
dacrydium cupressinum,rimu
dacrydium franklinii,huon pine
dacryocyst,lacrimal sac
dactyl,digit
dactylis glomerata,orchard grass
dactyloctenium aegypticum,Egyptian grass
dactylopius coccus,cochineal insect
dactylorhiza fuchsii,common spotted orchid
dactylorhiza maculata fuchsii,common spotted orchid
dad,dada
dada,dad
dadaism,dada
daddy,dad
daddy longlegs,crane fly
dado,wainscot
dae-han-min-gook,Korea
daemon,devil
daffo,Ron
daffodil,Narcissus pseudonarcissus
daffodil garlic,flowering onion
dafla,Miri
daftness,craziness
dag,dekagram
dag hammarskjold,Hammarskjold
dag hjalmar agne carl hammarskjold,Hammarskjold
dagame,lemonwood tree
dagga,Cape dagga
dagger,sticker
dagger fern,Christmas fern
dago,wop
dah,dash
dahl,pigeon pea
dahlia,Dahlia pinnata
dahlia pinnata,dahlia
dahna,Rub al-Khali
dahomey,Benin
daikon,radish
dail,Dail Eireann
daily dew,sundew
daily round,round
daimon,devil
daintiness,delicacy
daiquiri,rum cocktail
dairen,Dalian
dairy,dairy farm
dairy cattle,dairy cow
dairy cow,dairy cattle
dairy farm,dairy
dairy farmer,dairyman
dairy farming,dairying
dairying,dairy farming
dairymaid,milkmaid
dairyman,dairy farmer
dais,podium
daishiki,dashiki
daisy-bush,daisybush
daisy-leaved grape fern,daisyleaf grape fern
daisy bush,daisybush
daisy cutter,fragmentation bomb
daisy fleabane,Erigeron annuus
daisy print wheel,daisy wheel
daisy wheel,daisy print wheel
daisybush,daisy-bush
daisyleaf grape fern,daisy-leaved grape fern
dak,dhak
dakoit,dacoit
dakoity,dacoity
dal,dekaliter
dalbergia cearensis,kingwood
dalbergia latifolia,Indian blackwood
dalbergia nigra,Brazilian rosewood
dalbergia retusa,cocobolo
dalbergia sissoo,sissoo
dalbergia stevensonii,Honduras rosewood
dale carnegie,Carnegie
dalea spinosa,smoke tree
dall's sheep,Dall sheep
dalliance,dawdling
dallier,dillydallier
dallis grass,dallisgrass
dallisgrass,dallis grass
dalmane,flurazepam
dalmatia pyrethrum,pyrethrum
dalmatian pyrethrum,pyrethrum
dalo,taro
dalton's law,law of multiple proportions
dalton's law of partial pressures,Dalton's law
dalton trumbo,Trumbo
daltonism,deuteranopia
dam,dike
dama dama,fallow deer
damage,harm
damages,amends
damaliscus lunatus,sassaby
damar,dammar
damascus,Dimash
damask rose,summer damask rose
damask steel,Damascus steel
damask violet,Dame's violet
dame,doll
dame's violet,damask violet
dame agatha mary clarissa christie,Christie
dame alice ellen terry,Terry
dame alicia markova,Markova
dame barbara hepworth,Hepworth
dame daphne du maurier,du Maurier
dame edith louisa sitwell,Sitwell
dame edith sitwell,Sitwell
dame ellen terry,Terry
dame jean iris murdoch,Murdoch
dame joan sutherland,Sutherland
dame kiri janette te kanawa,Te Kanawa
dame kiri te kanawa,Te Kanawa
dame margot fonteyn,Fonteyn
dame muriel spark,Spark
dame myra hess,Hess
dame nellie melba,Melba
dame rebecca west,West
dame sybil thorndike,Thorndike
damgalnunna,Damkina
daminozide,Alar
dammar,gum dammar
dammar pine,kauri pine
dammar resin,dammar
damnation,eternal damnation
damoiselle,damsel
damon runyon,Runyon
damosel,damsel
damozel,damsel
damp-proof course,damp course
damp course,damp-proof course
dampener,moistener
dampening,moistening
damper,muffler
damper block,piano damper
damping off fungus,Pythium debaryanum
dampness,damp
damsel,demoiselle
damselfish,demoiselle
damson,damson plum
damson plum,satinleaf
damson plum tree,damson plum
dana,Danu
danaid,danaid butterfly
danaid butterfly,danaid
danau,Danube
danaus plexippus,monarch
dance,dancing
dance band,band
dance hall,ballroom
dance master,dancing-master
dance music,danceroom music
dance of death,danse macabre
dance orchestra,dance band
dance palace,ballroom
dance step,step
dancer,professional dancer
danceroom music,dance music
dancing,dance
dancing-master,dance master
dancing lady orchid,oncidium
dandelion,blowball
dander,hackles
dandie dinmont terrier,Dandie Dinmont
dandle board,seesaw
dandy fever,dengue
dandyism,foppishness
danewort,dwarf elder
dangaleat,Dangla
danger,risk
dangerous undertaking,adventure
dangle-berry,dangleberry
dangleberry,dangle-berry
dangling,suspension
dangling modifier,misplaced modifier
daniel bernoulli,Bernoulli
daniel boone,Boone
daniel chester french,French
daniel defoe,Defoe
daniel garrison brinton,Brinton
daniel hudson burnham,Burnham
daniel jones,Jones
daniel morgan,Morgan
daniel ortega,Ortega
daniel ortega saavedra,Ortega
daniel patrick moynihan,Moynihan
daniel rutherford,Rutherford
daniel webster,Webster
danish capital,Copenhagen
danish pastry,danish
dankness,clamminess
danmark,Denmark
dano-norwegian,Bokmal
danse du ventre,belly dance
danse macabre,dance of death
danseur,danseur noble
danseur noble,danseur
danseuse,ballerina
dante alighieri,Dante
dante gabriel rossetti,Rossetti
danton true young,Young
danube river,Danube
danzig,Gdansk
daoism,Taoism
daphne cneorum,garland flower
daphne du maurier,du Maurier
daphne family,Thymelaeaceae
daphne laureola,spurge laurel
daphne mezereum,mezereon
daphnia,water flea
dapperness,jauntiness
dapple,spot
dapple-gray,dapple-grey
dapple-grey,dapple-gray
dappled-gray,dapple-grey
dappled-grey,dapple-grey
dapsang,K2
dardan,Trojan
dardanelles campaign,Dardanelles
dardanian,Trojan
dardic,Dard
dardic language,Dard
dare,daring
daredevilry,daredeviltry
daredeviltry,daredevilry
dari persian,Dari
daricon,oxyphencyclimine
darier's disease,keratosis follicularis
darius milhaud,Milhaud
darius the great,Darius I
dark-eyed junco,slate-colored junco
dark-field microscope,ultramicroscope
dark ages,Middle Ages
dark blue,navy
dark bread,whole wheat bread
dark chocolate,bittersweet chocolate
dark field illumination,dark ground illumination
dark glasses,sunglasses
dark ground illumination,dark field illumination
dark lantern,bull's-eye
darkey,darky
darkie,darky
darkling beetle,darkling groung beetle
darkling groung beetle,darkling beetle
darkness,dark
darky,darkie
darling pea,poison bush
darling river,Darling
darlingtonia californica,California pitcher plant
darmera peltata,umbrella plant
darmstadtium,Ds
darn,damn
darnel,tare
darning needle,embroidery needle
darpa,Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
darryl francis zanuck,Zanuck
darryl zanuck,Zanuck
dart,flit
dart board,dartboard
dart thrower,throwing stick
dartboard,dart board
darter,snakebird
dartmouth,Dartmouth College
darts,dart
darvon,propoxyphene
daryacheh-ye orumiyeh,Lake Urmia
das,hyrax
dash,elan
dashboard,splashboard
dasheen,taro
dashiell hammett,Hammett
dashiki,daishiki
dashing hopes,disappointment
dassie,hyrax
dasyatis centroura,roughtail stingray
dasyprocta aguti,agouti
dasypus novemcinctus,peba
dasyurid,dasyurid marsupial
dasyurid marsupial,dasyurid
dasyurus quoll,eastern dasyure
dasyurus viverrinus,native cat
dat,digital audiotape
data,information
data-storage medium,storage medium
data communication,digital communication
data file,file
data format,format
data formatting,format
data input device,input device
data link,link
data point,datum
data processor,computer
data system,information system
data track,track
database management system,DBMS
date,day of the month
date line,dateline
date of reference,epoch
date palm,Phoenix dactylifera
date plum,Diospyros lotus
dateline,date line
dating,geological dating
dative,dative case
dative bond,coordinate bond
dative case,dative
datril,acetaminophen
datum,data point
datura arborea,angel's trumpet
datura sanguinea,red angel's trumpet
datura stramonium,jimsonweed
datura suaveolens,angel's trumpet
daub,smudge
daubentonia madagascariensis,aye-aye
daubing,plastering
daucus carota,wild carrot
daucus carota sativa,carrot
daughter,girl
dauntlessness,intrepidity
davalia bullata,squirrel's-foot fern
davalia bullata mariesii,squirrel's-foot fern
davallia canariensis,Canary Island hare's foot fern
davallia mariesii,squirrel's-foot fern
davallia pyxidata,Australian hare's foot
david alfaro siqueiros,Siqueiros
david barnard steinman,Steinman
david ben gurion,Ben Gurion
david bruce,Bruce
david bushnell,Bushnell
david crockett,Crockett
david garrick,Garrick
david glasgow farragut,Farragut
david grun,Ben Gurion
david hartley,Hartley
david herbert lawrence,Lawrence
david hilbert,Hilbert
david hubel,Hubel
david hume,Hume
david john moore cornwell,le Carre
david lewelyn wark griffith,Griffith
david livingstone,Livingstone
david low,Low
david mamet,Mamet
david o. selznick,Selznick
david oliver selznick,Selznick
david ricardo,Ricardo
david riesman,Riesman
david riesman jr.,Riesman
david rittenhouse,Rittenhouse
david roland smith,Smith
david sarnoff,Sarnoff
david siqueiros,Siqueiros
david smith,Smith
davis,Davys
davis' birthday,Jefferson Davis' Birthday
davy's gray,iron blue
davy's grey,iron blue
davy crockett,Crockett
davy jones,ocean floor
davy jones's locker,ocean floor
davy lamp,safety lamp
daw,jackdaw
dawah,da'wah
dawdler,drone
dawdling,dalliance
dawn,dawning
dawn horse,eohippus
dawn redwood,metasequoia
dawning,dawn
dawson's encephalitis,subacute sclerosing panencephalitis
dawson river salmon,Australian arowana
day,twenty-four hours
day bed,studio couch
day blindness,hemeralopia
day book,blotter
day care,daycare
day care center,day nursery
day jessamine,Cestrum diurnum
day laborer,day labourer
day labourer,day laborer
day lily,plantain lily
day nursery,day care center
day of atonement,Yom Kippur
day of judgement,Judgment Day
day of judgment,Judgment Day
day of reckoning,Judgment Day
day of remembrance,anniversary
day of rest,rest day
day of the month,date
day shift,day watch
day watch,day shift
daybed,divan bed
daybook,journal
daybreak,dawn
daycare,day care
daydream,reverie
daydreamer,woolgatherer
daydreaming,reverie
dayflower,spiderwort
dayfly,mayfly
daylight,day
daylight-saving time,daylight-savings time
daylight-savings time,daylight-saving time
daylight saving,daylight-saving time
daylight savings,daylight-saving time
daylight vision,photopic vision
daylily,day lily
daypro,oxaprozin
days,years
dayspring,dawn
daystar,morning star
daytime,day
dayton ax,common ax
dayton axe,common ax
daze,shock
db,dubnium
dba,assumed name
dbms,database management system
dc,District of Columbia
dccp,United Nations Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention
dci,Director of Central Intelligence
dd,Doctor of Divinity
ddc,dideoxycytosine
ddi,dideoxyinosine
dds,Doctor of Dental Surgery
ddt,dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane
de,Delaware
de-nazification,denazification
de-stalinisation,destalinization
de-stalinization,destalinization
de broglie,Broglie
de l'orme,Delorme
de sade,Sade
de spinoza,Spinoza
de vries,deVries
dea,Drug Enforcement Administration
deacon,Protestant deacon
deactivation,inactivation
dead-end street,blind alley
dead-man's-fingers,dead-men's-fingers
dead-man's float,prone float
dead-men's-fingers,dead-man's-fingers
dead body,body
dead center,dead centre
dead centre,dead center
dead end,cul
dead hand,mortmain
dead hand of the past,dead hand
dead letter,non-issue
dead mail,dead letter
dead march,funeral march
dead metaphor,frozen metaphor
dead nettle,hedge nettle
dead person,dead soul
dead reckoning,guess
dead ringer,ringer
dead room,morgue
dead soul,dead person
deadbeat,defaulter
deadbolt,bolt
deadliness,lethality
deadlock,dead end
deadly nightshade,belladonna
deadly sin,mortal sin
deadness,unresponsiveness
deadwood,fifth wheel
deae cellulose,diethylaminoethyl cellulose
deaf-aid,hearing aid
deaf-and-dumb person,mute
deaf-muteness,deaf-mutism
deaf-mutism,deaf-muteness
deafness,hearing loss
deal,trade
dealer,trader
dealership,franchise
dealfish,Trachipterus arcticus
dealing,transaction
dealings,traffic
deamination,deaminization
deaminization,deamination
dean acheson,Acheson
dean gooderham acheson,Acheson
dean martin,Martin
dean swift,Swift
deanery,deanship
deanship,deanery
dearest,beloved
dearie,darling
dearness,costliness
dearth,famine
deary,darling
death,decease
death's-head moth,Acherontia atropos
death adder,Acanthophis antarcticus
death angel,death cap
death bell,death knell
death camas,zigadene
death cap,death cup
death chair,electric chair
death chamber,gas chamber
death cup,death cap
death duty,inheritance tax
death house,death row
death instinct,death wish
death knell,death bell
death penalty,execution
death rate,deathrate
death row,death house
death tax,inheritance tax
death wish,death instinct
deathblow,coup de grace
deathrate,death rate
deathwatch,booklouse
deathwatch beetle,deathwatch
deb,debutante
debacle,fiasco
debarkation,disembarkation
debasement,adulteration
debaser,degrader
debate,argument
debater,arguer
debauch,orgy
debauchee,libertine
debaucher,violator
debauchery,orgy
debenture,unsecured bond
debenture bond,unsecured bond
debilitation,enervation
debility,infirmity
debit,debit entry
debit entry,debit
debitor,debtor
debris,dust
debris storm,debris surge
debris surge,debris storm
debt ceiling,debt limit
debt instrument,obligation
debt limit,debt ceiling
debtor,debitor
debunking,repudiation
debut,introduction
debutante,deb
dec,December
dec 24,Christmas Eve
dec 25,Christmas
decade,decennary
decadence,degeneracy
decadency,degeneracy
decadron,dexamethasone
decaf,decaffeinated coffee
decaffeinated coffee,decaf
decagram,dekagram
decal,decalcomania
decalcomania,decal
decaliter,dekaliter
decalitre,dekaliter
decameter,dekameter
decametre,decameter
decampment,abscondment
decanedioic acid,sebacic acid
decanoic acid,capric acid
decanter,carafe
decapitation,beheading
decapod,decapod crustacean
decapod crustacean,decapod
decapterus macarellus,mackerel scad
decapterus punctatus,round scad
decay,decline
deccan hemp,kenaf
decease,death
deceased person,dead person
decedent,dead person
deceit,fraudulence
deceitfulness,craftiness
deceiver,cheat
deceleration,slowing
december 31,New Year's Eve
december 8,Immaculate Conception
decennary,decade
decennium,decade
decentalisation,decentralization
decentralisation,decentralization
decentralization,decentalisation
deception,misrepresentation
deceptiveness,obliquity
decibel,dB
deciduous tooth,primary tooth
decigram,dg
deciliter,decilitre
decilitre,deciliter
decimal fraction,decimal
decimal number system,decimal numeration system
decimal numeration system,decimal number system
decimal point,percentage point
decimal system,decimal numeration system
decimal system of classification,Dewey decimal classification
decimalisation,decimalization
decimalization,decimalisation
decimeter,decimetre
decimetre,decimeter
decimus junius juvenalis,Juvenal
decipherer,decoder
decipherment,decoding
decision,determination
decision maker,administrator
decision making,deciding
decisive factor,clincher
decisiveness,decision
deck,pack of cards
deck chair,beach chair
deck of cards,pack of cards
decker,Dekker
deckhand,roustabout
deckle,deckle edge
deckle edge,deckle
declaration,contract
declaration of estimated tax,estimated tax return
declarative mood,indicative mood
declarative sentence,declaratory sentence
declaratory sentence,declarative sentence
declarer,contractor
declension,deterioration
declination,decline
decline,diminution
decline in quality,deterioration
declinometer,transit declinometer
declivity,descent
declomycin,demeclocycline hydrochloride
deco,art deco
decoagulant,anticoagulant
decoction mashing,decoction process
decoction process,decoction mashing
decoder,decipherer
decoding,decryption
decolonisation,decolonization
decolonization,decolonisation
decomposition,vector decomposition
decomposition reaction,decomposition
decompressing,decompression
decompression,decompressing
decompression sickness,aeroembolism
deconstruction,deconstructionism
deconstructionism,deconstruction
decor,interior decoration
decoration,ornament
decoration day,Memorial Day
decorator,interior designer
decorousness,decorum
decorum,decorousness
decoy,steerer
decrease,lessening
decree,edict
decrement,decrease
decrepitude,dilapidation
decriminalisation,decriminalization
decriminalization,decriminalisation
decryption,decoding
decubitus ulcer,bedsore
decumaria barbara,decumary
decumaria barbata,decumary
decumary,Decumaria barbata
decussation,chiasma
ded,Doctor of Education
dedication,commitment
deduction,tax write-off
deductive reasoning,deduction
deed,deed of conveyance
deed of conveyance,deed
deed of trust,trust deed
deedbox,strongbox
deeds,works
deems taylor,Taylor
deep-dish pie,cobbler
deep-freeze,Deepfreeze
deep brown,chocolate
deep cervical vein,cervical vein
deep freezer,deep-freeze
deep kiss,soul kiss
deep red,crimson
deepfreeze,deep-freeze
deepness,astuteness
deepwater pipefish,Cosmocampus profundus
deepwater squirrelfish,Holocentrus bullisi
deer,cervid
deer's-ear,columbo
deer's-ears,columbo
deer fern,Blechnum spicant
deer fly fever,tularemia
deer grass,meadow beauty
deer hunt,deer hunting
deer hunting,deer hunt
deer mouse,Peromyscus maniculatus
deer mushroom,Pluteus cervinus
deer tick,Ixodes dammini
deerberry,squaw huckleberry
deerhound,Scottish deerhound
defacement,disfigurement
defalcation,embezzlement
defalcator,embezzler
defamation,calumny
defamer,maligner
default,nonpayment
default judgement,default judgment
default judgment,default judgement
default option,default
defaulter,deadbeat
defeat,licking
defeatist,negativist
defecation,laxation
defecation reflex,rectal reflex
defecator,voider
defect,shortcoming
defect of speech,speech disorder
defection,desertion
defectiveness,faultiness
defector,deserter
defence,defense mechanism
defence force,defense
defence mechanism,defense mechanism
defence policy,defense program
defence program,defense program
defence reaction,defense mechanism
defence system,defense system
defencelessness,defenselessness
defendant,suspect
defender,guardian
defending team,defense
defense,defence
defense attorney,defense lawyer
defense department,Department of Defense
defense force,defense
defense lawyer,defense attorney
defense lawyers,defense
defense mechanism,defense reaction
defense policy,defense program
defense program,defense policy
defense reaction,defense mechanism
defense secretary,Secretary of Defense
defense system,defence system
defense team,defense
defenselessness,defencelessness
defensive attitude,defensive
defensive measure,defense
defensive structure,defense
deference,respect
deferment,postponement
deferral,recess
deferred payment,credit
defiance,rebelliousness
deficiency,lack
deficit,shortage
deficit spending,compensatory spending
defile,gorge
defilement,befoulment
defiler,polluter
defining,shaping
definiteness,determinateness
deflection,warp
deflexion,deflection
deforestation,disforestation
deformation,distortion
deformity,malformation
defrauder,swindler
defrayal,payment
defrayment,payment
defroster,deicer
deftness,adeptness
defunctness,extinction
defusing,deactivation
degeneracy,degeneration
degeneration,devolution
degenerative arthritis,osteoarthritis
degenerative joint disease,osteoarthritis
deglutition,swallow
degradation,debasement
degrader,debaser
degree,grade
degree celsius,degree centigrade
degree centigrade,degree Celsius
degree day,commencement day
degustation,tasting
dehong dai,Tai Nuea
dehumanisation,dehumanization
dehumanization,dehumanisation
dehydrated food,dehydrated foods
dehydrated foods,dehydrated food
dehydration,desiccation
dehydroretinol,vitamin A2
deicer,defroster
deictic word,deictic
deification,exaltation
deism,free thought
deity,divinity
dejectedness,downheartedness
dejection,fecal matter
dejeuner,lunch
dekagram,decagram
dekaliter,dekalitre
dekalitre,dekaliter
dekameter,decameter
dekametre,decameter
delairea odorata,German ivy
delavirdine,Rescriptor
delaware river,Delaware
delawarian,Delawarean
delay,hold
delayed allergy,type IV allergic reaction
delectability,deliciousness
delectation,delight
delegacy,representation
delegating,delegation
delegation,deputation
deletion,omission
delhi boil,cutaneous leishmaniasis
deli,delicatessen
deliberate defence,deliberate defense
deliberate defense,deliberate defence
deliberateness,slowness
deliberation,weighing
delicacy,daintiness
delicatessen,delicatessen food
delicatessen food,delicatessen
delichon urbica,house martin
deliciousness,delectability
delight,delectation
delimitation,boundary line
delineation,word picture
delinquency,dereliction
deliquium,faint
delirium,craze
delirium tremens,DTs
deliverance,rescue
deliverer,Jesus
delivery,bringing
delivery boy,deliveryman
delivery truck,delivery van
delivery van,delivery truck
deliveryman,delivery boy
dell,dingle
delonix regia,royal poinciana
delphic oracle,Temple of Apollo
delphinapterus leucas,white whale
delphinium ajacis,rocket larkspur
delphinus delphis,common dolphin
delta hepatitis,hepatitis delta
delta rhythm,delta wave
delta wave,delta rhythm
deltasone,prednisone
deltoid eminence,deltoid tuberosity
deltoid muscle,deltoid
deltoid tuberosity,deltoid eminence
deluge,flood
delusion,psychotic belief
demagnetisation,demagnetization
demagnetization,demagnetisation
demagog,demagogue
demagogue,demagog
demagoguery,demagogy
demagogy,demagoguery
demand,requirement
demand for explanation,calling into question
demand loan,call loan
demarcation,limit
demarcation line,limit
demeanor,demeanour
demeanour,demeanor
demeclocycline hydrochloride,Declomycin
dementedness,dementia
dementia,dementedness
dementia praecox,schizophrenia
demerara rum,demerara
demerara sugar,demerara
demerit,fault
demerol,meperidine
demesne,estate
demetrius i,Demetrius
demetrius poliorcetes,Demetrius
demi-glaze,demiglace
demiglace,demi-glaze
demigod,superman
demilitarized zone,DMZ
demineralisation,demineralization
demineralization,demineralisation
demise,death
demisemiquaver,thirty-second note
demitasse,cafe noir
demo,demonstration
demobilisation,demobilization
demobilization,demobilisation
democracy,republic
democratic and popular republic of algeria,Algeria
democratic people's republic of korea,North Korea
democratic republic of sao tome and principe,Sao Tome and Principe
democratic republic of the congo,Congo
democratic socialist republic of sri lanka,Sri Lanka
democratisation,democratization
democratization,democratisation
demodulator,detector
demographer,demographist
demographist,demographer
demography,human ecology
demoiselle,damsel
demolishing,razing
demolition,destruction
demon,devil
demonetisation,demonetization
demonetization,demonetisation
demonisation,demonization
demonism,diabolism
demonization,demonisation
demonolatry,diabolatry
demonstrability,provability
demonstration,presentation
demonstrative pronoun,demonstrative
demonstrator,sales demonstrator
demoralisation,demoralization
demoralization,demoralisation
demotic script,Demotic
demur,demurral
demureness,coyness
demurral,demur
demurrer,demur
demythologisation,demythologization
demythologization,demythologisation
den,lair
den haag,The Hague
denali,McKinley
denationalisation,denationalization
denationalization,denationalisation
denazification,de-Nazification
dendranthema grandifloruom,florist's chrysanthemum
dendraspis,Dendroaspis
dendroaspis augusticeps,black mamba
dendrocalamus giganteus,giant bamboo
dendroctonus rufipennis,spruce bark beetle
dendroica auduboni,Audubon's warbler
dendroica coronata,myrtle warbler
dendroica fusca,Blackburn
dendroica petechia,yellow warbler
dendroica striate,blackpoll
dendroica tigrina,Cape May warbler
dengue,dengue fever
dengue fever,dengue
denial,disaffirmation
denigration,belittling
denim,jean
denis diderot,Diderot
denisonia superba,copperhead
denizen,inhabitant
denmark vesey,Vesey
dennis gabor,Gabor
dennstaedtia punctilobula,hay-scented
denomination,appellation
denominationalism,sectarianism
denotation,indication
denouncement,denunciation
dense-leaved elodea,Elodea densa
dense blazing star,Liatris pycnostachya
denseness,dumbness
densification,compaction
densimeter,densitometer
densitometer,densimeter
density,denseness
dent,incision
dent corn,Zea mays indentata
dental amalgam,amalgam
dental caries,cavity
dental consonant,alveolar consonant
dental floss,floss
dental medicine,dentistry
dental orthopaedics,orthodontics
dental orthopedics,orthodontics
dental plaque,bacterial plaque
dental plate,denture
dental practitioner,dentist
dental school,school of dentistry
dental technician,denturist
dentaria bulbifera,coral-root bittercress
dentaria diphylla,crinkleroot
dentin,dentine
dentine,dentin
dentist,tooth doctor
dentist's drill,burr drill
dentistry,dental medicine
dentition,teething
denture,dental plate
denturist,dental technician
denudation,stripping
denunciation,denouncement
deodar,deodar cedar
deodar cedar,deodar
deodorant,deodourant
deodourant,deodorant
deoxyadenosine monophosphate,A
deoxycytidine,cytidine
deoxycytidine monophosphate,C
deoxyephedrine,methamphetamine
deoxyguanosine,guanosine
deoxyguanosine monophosphate,G
deoxyribonucleic acid,desoxyribonucleic acid
deoxythymidine,thymidine
deoxythymidine monophosphate,T
deparia acrostichoides,silvery spleenwort
departer,leaver
department,section
department of anthropology,anthropology department
department of biology,biology department
department of chemistry,chemistry department
department of corrections,corrections
department of economics,economics department
department of english,English department
department of history,history department
department of linguistics,linguistics department
department of local government,local department
department of mathematics,mathematics department
department of music,music department
department of philosophy,philosophy department
department of physics,physics department
department of psychology,psychology department
department of sociology,sociology department
department of the federal government,federal department
department store,emporium
departure,going
departure time,time of departure
dependability,dependableness
dependableness,dependability
dependance,addiction
dependence,dependance
dependency,dependence
dependent clause,subordinate clause
depersonalisation,depersonalization
depersonalisation disorder,depersonalization
depersonalisation neurosis,depersonalization
depersonalization,depersonalisation
depersonalization disorder,depersonalization
depersonalization neurosis,depersonalization
depicted object,subject
depicting,depiction
depiction,word picture
depilation,hairlessness
depilator,depilatory
depokene,valproic acid
depolarisation,depolarization
depolarization,depolarisation
deponent,testifier
deportation,exile
deportee,exile
deportment,demeanor
deposer,testifier
deposit,sedimentation
deposit account,time deposit account
deposit box,safe-deposit
depositary,depository
deposition,deposit
depository,deposit
depository financial institution,bank
depository library,library
depot,terminal
depravation,corruption
depravity,corruption
deprecation,denigration
depreciation,wear and tear
depreciation rate,rate of depreciation
depreciator,detractor
depredation,predation
depression,slump
depressive disorder,clinical depression
depressor,depressor muscle
depressor muscle,depressor
depressor nerve,depressor
deprivation,privation
depth,deepness
depth bomb,depth charge
depth charge,depth bomb
depth gage,depth gauge
depth gauge,depth gage
depth psychology,psychoanalysis
deputation,commission
deputy,deputy sheriff
deputy sheriff,deputy
der fuhrer,Hitler
deracination,displacement
derangement,mental unsoundness
derby,bowler hat
derby hat,bowler hat
deregulating,deregulation
deregulation,deregulating
dereliction,delinquency
derision,ridicule
derivation,deriving
derivative instrument,derivative
derived function,derivative
deriving,derivation
derma,dermis
dermacentor variabilis,wood tick
dermatobia hominis,human botfly
dermatoglyphics,dermatoglyphic
dermatologist,skin doctor
dermatomycosis,dermatophytosis
dermatophytosis,dermatomycosis
dermatosclerosis,scleroderma
dermis,corium
dermochelys coriacea,leatherback turtle
derogation,disparagement
derriere,buttocks
derris elliptica,derris root
derris root,tuba root
des,diethylstilbestrol
desalination,desalinization
desalinisation,desalination
desalinization,desalination
descant,discant
descendants,posterity
descensus,prolapse
descensus uteri,metroptosis
descent,origin
description,verbal description
descriptive adjective,qualifying adjective
descriptive anthropology,ethnography
descriptive clause,nonrestrictive clause
descriptive geometry,projective geometry
descriptor,form
descurainia pinnata,tansy mustard
desecration,profanation
desegregation,integration
desensitisation,desensitization
desensitisation procedure,desensitization technique
desensitisation technique,desensitization technique
desensitization,desensitisation
desensitization procedure,desensitization technique
desensitization technique,desensitisation technique
desert boot,buskin
desert four o'clock,Colorado four o'clock
desert fox,Rommel
desert holly,Atriplex hymenelytra
desert iguana,Dipsosaurus dorsalis
desert lynx,caracal
desert mariposa tulip,Calochortus kennedyi
desert olive,tanglebush
desert paintbrush,Castilleja chromosa
desert pea,Sturt pea
desert plant,xerophyte
desert plume,prince's-plume
desert rat,kangaroo rat
desert rheumatism,coccidioidomycosis
desert rose,impala lily
desert sand verbena,Abronia villosa
desert selaginella,Selaginella eremophila
desert soil,desertic soil
desert sunflower,Gerea canescens
desert tortoise,Gopherus agassizii
desert willow,Chilopsis linearis
deserter,apostate
desertic soil,desert soil
desertion,abandonment
deserts,comeuppance
deservingness,merit
deshabille,dishabille
desiccant,drying agent
desiccation,dehydration
desiderius erasmus,Erasmus
design,designing
designation,appellation
designer,interior designer
desirability,desirableness
desirableness,desirability
desire to know,lust for learning
desk clerk,hotel desk clerk
desk dictionary,collegiate dictionary
desk sergeant,deskman
deskman,desk sergeant
desktop,background
desmanthus ilinoensis,prairie mimosa
desmodium gyrans,telegraph plant
desmodium motorium,telegraph plant
desmodium purpureum,beggarweed
desmodium tortuosum,beggarweed
desmond tutu,Tutu
desolation,devastation
desoxyribonucleic acid,deoxyribonucleic acid
despair,desperation
despatch,dispatch
desperado,desperate criminal
desperate criminal,desperado
desperate straits,dire straits
desperation,despair
despicability,baseness
despicableness,baseness
despisal,despising
despising,despisal
despite,contempt
despoilation,spoil
despoiler,plunderer
despoilment,spoil
despoina,Persephone
despoliation,spoil
despondence,despondency
despondency,despondence
despot,tyrant
despotism,absolutism
desquamation,peeling
dessert,sweet
dessert apple,eating apple
dessertspoon,dessertspoonful
dessertspoonful,dessertspoon
destabilisation,destabilization
destabilization,destabilisation
destalinisation,destalinization
destalinization,de-Stalinization
destination,finish
destiny,fate
destroyer,guided missile destroyer
destroying angel,Amanita verna
destruction,devastation
destructive metabolism,catabolism
desynchronisation,asynchronism
desynchronization,asynchronism
desynchronizing,asynchronism
desyrel,trazodone
detached house,single dwelling
detached retina,retinal detachment
detachment,withdrawal
detachment of the retina,retinal detachment
detail,item
detail file,transaction file
detailing,particularization
details,inside information
detainee,political detainee
detainment,detention
detecting,detection
detection,sensing
detective,investigator
detective novel,mystery novel
detective work,detection
detector,sensor
detent,pawl
detention,detainment
detention camp,detention home
detention cell,bullpen
detention centre,bullpen
detention home,detention house
detention house,detention home
detergence,detergency
detergency,detergence
detergent builder,builder
deterioration,impairment
determent,deterrence
determinateness,definiteness
determination,finding
determiner,clincher
determining factor,determinant
determinist,fatalist
deterrence,disincentive
deterrent example,example
detestation,abhorrence
dethronement,deposition
detonating device,detonator
detonation,explosion
detonator,detonating device
detour,roundabout way
detraction,petty criticism
detractor,disparager
detribalisation,detribalization
detribalization,detribalisation
detriment,hurt
detrition,abrasion
detritus,debris
deuce,two
deuce-ace,three
deuteranopia,Daltonism
deuterium,heavy hydrogen
deuterium oxide,heavy water
deuteromycotina,Deuteromycota
deutsche mark,mark
deutschland,Germany
deutschmark,mark
devanagari script,Devanagari
devastation,desolation
development,evolution
developmental psychology,genetic psychology
developmentally challenged,mentally retarded
deverbal noun,verbal noun
deviance,aberrance
deviation,divergence
device,gimmick
device characteristic,characteristic
device driver,driver
devices,device
devil,Satan
devil's apples,mandrake
devil's claw,common unicorn plant
devil's darning needle,virgin's bower
devil's fig,prickly poppy
devil's flax,toadflax
devil's food,devil's food cake
devil's food cake,devil's food
devil's milk,petty spurge
devil's tongue,snake palm
devil's turnip,white bryony
devil's walking stick,American angelica tree
devil's weed,caltrop
devil-worship,diabolatry
devil dog,Marine
devil grass,Bermuda grass
devil lily,tiger lily
devil nettle,spurge nettle
devil ray,Mobula hypostoma
devil tree,dita
deviled egg,stuffed egg
devilfish,grey whale
devilment,mischief
devilry,deviltry
deviltry,devilry
devilwood,American olive
deviousness,obliqueness
devisal,contrivance
deviser,planner
devising,fashioning
devitalisation,devitalization
devitalization,devitalisation
devolution,degeneration
devolvement,devolution
devonian period,Devonian
devonshire,Devon
devonshire cream,clotted cream
devotedness,devotion
devotee,fan
devotion,devotedness
devoutness,religiousness
dew worm,earthworm
dewar,Dewar flask
dewberry,dewberry bush
dewberry bush,dewberry
dewey decimal system,Dewey decimal classification
dewitt clinton,Clinton
dexamethasone,Decadron
dexamethasone intensol,dexamethasone
dexedrine,dextroamphetamine sulphate
dexone,dexamethasone
dexterity,manual dexterity
dextrality,right-handedness
dextroamphetamine sulphate,Dexedrine
dextroglucose,dextrose
dextrorotation,clockwise rotation
dextrose,dextroglucose
dflp,Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine
dg,decigram
dhak,dak
dhal,pigeon pea
dhava,dhawa
dhawa,dhava
dhodhekanisos,Dodecanese
dhole,Cuon alpinus
dhu'l-hijjah,Dhu'l-Hijja
dhu al-hijja,Dhu'l-Hijja
dhu al-hijjah,Dhu'l-Hijja
dhu al-qadah,Dhu'l-Qa'dah
dia,Defense Intelligence Agency
diabeta,glyburide
diabetes mellitus,DM
diabetic acidosis,ketoacidosis
diabetic coma,Kussmaul's coma
diabolatry,demonolatry
diabolism,demonism
diabolist,Satanist
diacetylmorphine,heroin
diachronic linguistics,historical linguistics
diachrony,historical linguistics
diacritical mark,diacritic
diadem,crown
diaeresis,umlaut
diaglyph,intaglio
diagnosing,diagnosis
diagnosis,diagnosing
diagnostic assay,diagnostic test
diagnostic procedure,diagnostic technique
diagnostic technique,diagnostic procedure
diagnostic test,diagnostic assay
diagnostician,pathologist
diagnostics,nosology
diagonalisation,diagonalization
diagonalization,diagonalisation
diagramming,schematization
dial,telephone dial
dial phone,dial telephone
dial telephone,dial phone
dialect,idiom
dialect atlas,linguistic atlas
dialect geography,linguistic geography
dialectics,dialectic
dialeurodes citri,citrus whitefly
dialog,dialogue
dialog box,panel
dialogue,dialog
dialysis machine,dialyzer
dialyzer,dialysis machine
diam,diameter
diamante,sequin
diameter,diam
diametrical opposition,antipodal
diamond,adamant
diamond dust,ice crystal
diamond jim,Brady
diamond jim brady,Brady
diamond state,Delaware
diamond wedding,diamond wedding anniversary
diamond wedding anniversary,diamond wedding
diamondback,diamondback rattlesnake
diamondback rattlesnake,diamondback
diamondback terrapin,Malaclemys centrata
diangus gratianopolitanus,cheddar pink
dianthus barbatus,sweet William
dianthus caryophyllus,carnation
dianthus chinensis,china pink
dianthus chinensis heddewigii,Japanese pink
dianthus deltoides,maiden pink
dianthus latifolius,button pink
dianthus plumarius,cottage pink
dianthus supurbus,fringed pink
diapason,diapason stop
diapason stop,diapason
diapensia family,Diapensiaceae
diaper,nappy
diaper dermatitis,diaper rash
diaper rash,diaper dermatitis
diapheromera,Diapheromera femorata
diapheromera femorata,diapheromera
diaphoresis,perspiration
diaphragm,stop
diaphragmatic hernia,hiatus hernia
diaphragmatic pleurisy,epidemic pleurodynia
diaphysis,shaft
diapsid,diapsid reptile
diapsid reptile,diapsid
diarchy,dyarchy
diarist,diary keeper
diarrhea,diarrhoea
diarrhoea,diarrhea
diarthrosis,synovial joint
diary,journal
diary keeper,diarist
diatomaceous earth,diatomite
diatomite,diatomaceous earth
diatomophyceae,Bacillariophyceae
diatribe,fulmination
diaz,Dias
diazepam,Valium
diazoxide,Hyperstat
dibber,dibble
dibble,dibber
dibbuk,dybbuk
dibrach,pyrrhic
dibranch,dibranchiate
dibranchia,Dibranchiata
dibranchiate,dibranchiate mollusk
dibranchiate mollusk,dibranchiate
dicamptodon,dicamptodontid
dicamptodon ensatus,Pacific giant salamander
dicamptodontid,dicamptodon
dice,die
dice box,dice cup
dice cup,dice box
dicentra canadensis,squirrel corn
dicentra cucullaria,Dutchman's breeches
dicentra spectabilis,bleeding heart
diceros bicornis,black rhinoceros
diceros simus,white rhinoceros
dichloride,bichloride
dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane,DDT
dichloroethyl sulfide,mustard gas
dichloromethane,methylene chloride
dichondra,Dichondra micrantha
dichondra micrantha,dichondra
dichotomisation,dichotomization
dichotomization,dichotomisation
dichotomy,duality
dichromacy,dichromatism
dichromasy,dichromacy
dichromate,bichromate
dichromatism,dichromacy
dichromatopsia,dichromacy
dichromia,dichromacy
dick,gumshoe
dick fosbury,Fosbury
dick turpin,Turpin
dickens,devil
dickey-bird,dickeybird
dickey-seat,dickey
dickeybird,dickey-bird
dickhead,asshole
dickie,dickey
dickie-seat,dickey
dicksonia antarctica,soft tree fern
dicky-bird,dickeybird
dicky-seat,dickey
dickybird,dickeybird
diclofenac potassium,Cataflam
diclofenac sodium,Voltaren
dicloxacillin,Dynapen
dicot,dicotyledon
dicot family,magnoliopsid family
dicot genus,magnoliopsid genus
dicotyledon,dicot
dicotyledonae,Dicotyledones
dicoumarol,dicumarol
dicrostonyx hudsonius,Hudson bay collared lemming
dictamnus alba,fraxinella
dictation,command
dictator,potentate
dictatorship,absolutism
diction,enunciation
dictionary,lexicon
dictionary entry,lexical entry
dictum,pronouncement
dictyosome,Golgi body
dicumarol,dicoumarol
didactics,education
didanosine,dideoxyinosine
diddley,jack
diddly,jack
diddly-shit,jack
diddly-squat,jack
diddlyshit,jack
diddlysquat,jack
didelphis marsupialis,common opossum
didelphis virginiana,common opossum
dideoxycytosine,ddC
dideoxyinosine,ddI
didrikson,Zaharias
die,dice
die-sinker,diemaker
dieffenbachia sequine,dumb cane
diego rivera,Rivera
diego rodriguez de silva y velazquez,Velazquez
diehard,traditionalist
dielectric,insulator
dielectrolysis,electrophoresis
diemaker,diesinker
diencephalon,interbrain
dieresis,umlaut
diervilla lonicera,bush honeysuckle
diervilla sessilifolia,bush honeysuckle
diesel-electric,diesel-electric locomotive
diesel-electric locomotive,diesel-electric
diesel-hydraulic,diesel-hydraulic locomotive
diesel-hydraulic locomotive,diesel-hydraulic
diesel engine,diesel
diesel fuel,diesel oil
diesel motor,diesel
diesel oil,diesel fuel
diesinker,diemaker
diesis,double dagger
diestrum,diestrus
diestrus,diestrum
diet,dieting
diethyl ether,ether
diethylaminoethyl cellulose,DEAE cellulose
diethylbarbituric acid,barbital
diethylmalonylurea,barbital
diethylstilbesterol,DES
diethylstilbestrol,diethylstilboestrol
diethylstilboestrol,diethylstilbestrol
dietician,dietitian
dieting,diet
dietitian,dietician
dietrich bonhoeffer,Bonhoeffer
difference,deviation
difference limen,difference threshold
difference of opinion,dispute
difference threshold,differential threshold
differential calculus,method of fluxions
differential coefficient,derived function
differential cost,marginal cost
differential gear,differential
differential limen,difference threshold
differential threshold,difference threshold
differentiation,distinction
differentiator,discriminator
difficultness,difficulty
difficulty,trouble
diffidence,self-doubt
diffraction grating,grating
diffuse nebula,gaseous nebula
diffuser,diffusor
diffusing screen,light filter
diffusion,dissemination
diffusion pump,condensation pump
diffusor,diffuser
diflunisal,Dolobid
dig,excavation
digenesis,metagenesis
digest,compilation
digestibility,digestibleness
digestibleness,digestibility
digestive fluid,digestive juice
digestive juice,digestive fluid
digestive system,gastrointestinal system
digestive tract,alimentary canal
digestive tube,alimentary canal
digger,power shovel
digging,excavation
digging up,exhumation
diggings,digs
digit,figure
digital-analog converter,digital-to-analog converter
digital-to-analog converter,digital-analog converter
digital arteries,arteria digitalis
digital audiotape,DAT
digital communication,data communication
digital display,alphanumeric display
digital scanner,scanner
digital subscriber line,DSL
digital vein,vena digitalis
digitalin,digitalis
digitalis,digitalis glycoside
digitalis glycoside,digitalis
digitalis lutea,yellow foxglove
digitalis purpurea,common foxglove
digitalisation,digitalization
digitalization,digitalisation
digitaria ischaemum,smooth crabgrass
digitaria sanguinalis,large crabgrass
digitigrade mammal,digitigrade
digitisation,digitization
digitiser,digitizer
digitization,digitisation
digitizer,digitiser
dignitary,very important person
dignity,self-respect
digoxin,Lanoxin
digram,digraph
digraph,digram
digression,aside
digs,diggings
dihydric alcohol,diol
dihydroxyphenylalanine,dopa
dika,wild mango
dike,butch
dilantin,diphenylhydantoin
dilapidation,decrepitude
dilatation,distension
dilatation and curettage,dilation and curettage
dilater,dilator
dilation,dilatation
dilation and curettage,dilatation and curettage
dilator,dilater
dilatoriness,procrastination
dilaudid,hydromorphone hydrochloride
dilemma,quandary
diligence,industriousness
dill,Anethum graveolens
dill weed,dill
dilly-dallier,dallier
dillydallier,dallier
diltiazem,Cardizem
diluent,dilutant
dilutant,diluent
dime,dime bag
dime bag,dime
dime novel,penny dreadful
dimenhydrinate,Dramamine
dimension,property
dimetane,brompheniramine maleate
dimethyl ketone,acetone
diminished arch,skeen arch
diminution,decline
diminutiveness,minuteness
dimness,duskiness
dimocarpus longan,longan
dimout,blackout
dimple,dimpled chad
dimpled chad,pregnant chad
dimwit,nitwit
din,blare
din land,Land
dinar,Iranian dinar
dindymene,Cybele
diner,dining car
dinero,boodle
ding,dent
dinge,dinginess
dinghy,dory
dinginess,dinge
dingle,dell
dingo,warrigal
dining-room,dining room
dining-room attendant,restaurant attendant
dining car,diner
dining companion,tablemate
dining compartment,dining car
dining room,dining-room
dining table,board
diningroom set,diningroom suite
diningroom suite,diningroom set
dinkey,dinky
dinner,dinner party
dinner bucket,dinner pail
dinner dress,dinner gown
dinner gown,dinner dress
dinner jacket,tux
dinner pail,dinner bucket
dinner party,dinner
dinner service,dinner set
dinner set,dinner service
dinner theater,dinner theatre
dinner theatre,dinner theater
dinnertime,suppertime
dino paul crocetti,Martin
dinoceras,uintathere
dinornis giganteus,giant moa
diocese,bishopric
diode,rectifying tube
diodon holocanthus,balloonfish
diodon hystrix,porcupinefish
diodora apertura,keyhole limpet
diol,glycol
diomedea exulans,wandering albatross
diomedea nigripes,black-footed albatross
dionaea muscipula,Venus's flytrap
dionysius the elder,Dionysius
diopter,dioptre
dioptre,diopter
diorama,panorama
dioscorea alata,white yam
dioscorea batata,cinnamon vine
dioscorea bulbifera,air potato
dioscorea elephantipes,elephant's-foot
dioscorea paniculata,wild yam
dioscorea trifida,cush-cush
diospyros ebenum,ebony
diospyros kaki,Japanese persimmon
diospyros kurzii,marblewood
diospyros lotus,date plum
diospyros virginiana,American persimmon
diovan,valsartan
dip,angle of dip
dip circle,inclinometer
diphenhydramine,Benadryl
diphenylhydantoin,phenytoin
diphylla ecaudata,hairy-legged vampire bat
dipladenia,Mandevilla
dipladenia boliviensis,white dipladenia
diplazium pycnocarpon,silvery spleenwort
diplococcus pneumoniae,pneumococcus
diploic vein,vena diploica
diploma,sheepskin
diplomacy,diplomatic negotiations
diplomat,diplomatist
diplomatic corps,diplomatic service
diplomatic minister,minister
diplomatic negotiations,diplomacy
diplomatic service,diplomatic corps
diplomatist,diplomat
diplopia,double vision
diplopterygium longissimum,giant scrambling fern
diplotaxis erucoides,white rocket
diplotaxis muralis,wall rocket
diplotaxis tenuifolia,wall rocket
dipodomys ordi,Ord kangaroo rat
dipodomys phillipsii,kangaroo rat
dipogon lignosus,Australian pea
dipole,dipole antenna
dipole antenna,dipole
dippel's oil,bone oil
dipper,Little Dipper
dippers,Church of the Brethren
dipsacus fullonum,common teasel
dipsacus sativus,fuller's teasel
dipsacus sylvestris,wild teasel
dipsomania,alcoholism
dipsomaniac,alcoholic
dipsosaurus dorsalis,desert iguana
dipteran,dipterous insect
dipteron,dipterous insect
dipterous insect,two-winged insects
dipteryx,Coumarouna
dipteryx odorata,tonka bean
dirca palustris,leatherwood
dire straits,desperate straits
direct contrast,contrast
direct correlation,positive correlation
direct current,DC
direct discourse,direct quotation
direct dye,substantive dye
direct electric current,direct current
direct object,object of the verb
direct quotation,direct discourse
direct trust,express trust
direction,way
directionality,directivity
directiveness,directivity
directivity,directionality
directness,straightness
director,manager
director of research,research director
directorate,board of directors
dirge,coronach
dirham,Qatari dirham
dirt ball,worm
dirt bike,trail bike
dirtiness,uncleanness
dirty dog,rotter
dirty joke,dirty story
dirty laundry,dirty linen
dirty linen,dirty laundry
dirty money,loot
dirty story,dirty joke
dirty tricks,dirty trick
dirty word,obscenity
dirtying,soiling
disa,Defense Information Systems Agency
disability,disablement
disability check,disability payment
disability payment,disability check
disablement,disability
disaffection,alienation
disaffirmation,denial
disagreeable person,unpleasant person
disagreeable woman,unpleasant woman
disagreement,dissension
disappearance,disappearing
disappearing,disappearance
disappointment,letdown
disapprobation,condemnation
disapproval,disfavor
disarmament,disarming
disarmer,pacifist
disarrangement,disorganization
disarray,confusion
disassembly,dismantling
disassociation,dissociation
disaster,catastrophe
disavowal,disclaimer
disbelief,incredulity
disbeliever,nonbeliever
disbursal,expense
disbursement,expense
disburser,spender
disc,phonograph record
disc brake,disk brake
disc drive,disk drive
disc harrow,disk harrow
disc jockey,disk jockey
disc pack,disk pack
disc space,disk space
discant,descant
discard,throwing away
disceptation,controversy
discernability,legibility
discernment,understanding
discharge,venting
disciple,adherent
disciples of christ,Christian Church
disciplinarian,martinet
discipline,subject
disclaimer,disavowal
disclosure,revelation
disco,disco music
disco biscuit,Adam
disco music,disco
discoid lupus erythematosus,DLE
discoloration,stain
discolouration,stain
discombobulation,confusion
discomfiture,discomposure
discomfort,uncomfortableness
discomposure,discomfiture
discomycete,cup fungus
disconcertion,discomfiture
disconcertment,discomfiture
disconnect,gulf
disconnectedness,disjunction
disconnection,disjunction
disconsolateness,despondency
discontentedness,discontentment
discontentment,discontent
discontinuance,discontinuation
discontinuation,discontinuance
discord,strife
discordance,discord
discotheque,disco
discount,price reduction
discount house,discount store
discount rate,discount
discount store,discount house
discounter,discount house
discouragement,disheartenment
discourse,sermon
discourtesy,disrespect
discoverer,inventor
discovery,find
discovery day,Columbus Day
discredit,disrepute
discreetness,discretion
discrepancy,disagreement
discreteness,distinctness
discretion,discreetness
discrimination,favoritism
discriminative stimulus,cue
discriminator,differentiator
discus,saucer
discussion,treatment
discussion section,section
disdain,contempt
disdainfulness,condescension
disease of the skin,skin disease
diseased person,sick person
disembarkation,debarkation
disembarkment,debarkation
disembodied spirit,spirit
disembowelment,evisceration
disenchantment,disillusion
disengagement,detachment
disentanglement,unsnarling
disentangler,unraveler
disfavor,disfavour
disfavour,disfavor
disfiguration,disfigurement
disfigurement,disfiguration
disforestation,deforestation
disfunction,dysfunction
disgorgement,vomit
disgrace,shame
disgracefulness,shamefulness
disguise,camouflage
disgustingness,distastefulness
dish,dishful
dish aerial,dish
dish antenna,dish
dish towel,dishtowel
dish washer,dishwasher
dishabille,deshabille
disharmony,inharmoniousness
dishcloth,dishrag
dishcloth gourd,luffa
disheartenment,discouragement
dishful,dish
dishonesty,knavery
dishonor,dishonour
dishonorableness,dishonourableness
dishonour,dishonor
dishonourableness,dishonorableness
dishrag,dishcloth
dishtowel,dish towel
dishware,crockery
dishwasher,dish washer
dishwasher detergent,dishwashing detergent
dishwashing,washup
dishwashing detergent,dishwasher detergent
dishwashing liquid,dishwasher detergent
dishwashing machine,dishwasher
disillusion,disenchantment
disillusionment,disenchantment
disincentive,deterrence
disinclination,reluctance
disinfestation officer,rat-catcher
disintegration,decomposition
disinterest,neutrality
disinterment,exhumation
disjunction,disjuncture
disjuncture,disjunction
disk,disc
disk brake,disc brake
disk drive,disc drive
disk harrow,disc harrow
disk jockey,disc jockey
disk operating system,DOS
disk overhead,overhead
disk pack,disc pack
disk shape,circularity
disk space,disc space
diskette,floppy
dislike,disfavor
dislocation,disruption
dislodgement,dislodgment
dislodgment,dislodgement
dismantlement,dismantling
dismantling,dismantlement
dismay,discouragement
dismemberment,taking apart
dismissal,judgment of dismissal
dismission,dismissal
disobedience,noncompliance
disorder,upset
disorderliness,disorder
disorderly behavior,disorderly conduct
disorderly conduct,disorderly behavior
disorganisation,disorganization
disorganization,disorganisation
disorganized schizophrenia,hebephrenia
disorganized type schizophrenia,hebephrenia
disorientation,freak out
disowning,disownment
disownment,disowning
disparagement,depreciation
disparager,detractor
disparateness,distinctiveness
dispassion,dispassionateness
dispassionateness,dispassion
dispatch,despatch
dispatch box,dispatch case
dispatch case,dispatch box
dispatcher,starter
dispensability,dispensableness
dispensableness,dispensability
dispersal,dispersion
dispersed particles,dispersed phase
dispersed phase,dispersed particles
dispersing medium,dispersing phase
dispersing phase,dispersion medium
dispersion,scattering
dispersion medium,dispersing phase
dispiritedness,downheartedness
displaced person,DP
displacement,supplanting
displacement reaction,displacement
displacement unit,volume unit
display,show
display adapter,display adaptor
display adaptor,display adapter
display board,display panel
display case,case
display panel,display board
display window,shop window
disposal,administration
disposal plant,sewage disposal plant
disposition,temperament
dispossession,eviction
dispraise,disparagement
disproof,falsification
disprover,rebutter
disputant,controversialist
disputation,debate
dispute,difference
disquiet,anxiousness
disquietude,edginess
disregard,neglect
disreputability,unrespectability
disreputableness,unrespectability
disrepute,discredit
disrespect,discourtesy
disrupting explosive,bursting explosive
disruption,break
dissembler,hypocrite
dissembling,pretense
disseminated lupus erythematosus,systemic lupus erythematosus
disseminated multiple sclerosis,multiple sclerosis
disseminated sclerosis,multiple sclerosis
dissemination,airing
disseminator,propagator
dissension,discord
dissent,protest
dissenter,dissident
dissertation,thesis
disservice,ill service
dissident irish republican army,Real IRA
dissimilarity,unsimilarity
dissimilation,catabolism
dissimilitude,unlikeness
dissimulation,deception
dissimulator,hypocrite
dissipation,profligacy
dissociation,disassociation
dissolubility,solubleness
dissoluteness,incontinence
dissolution,disintegration
dissolvent,solvent
dissolver,solvent
dissolving,dissolution
dissolving agent,solvent
dissonance,disagreement
dissyllable,disyllable
dissymmetry,asymmetry
distance,length
distaste,antipathy
distastefulness,disgustingness
distemper,ill humor
distension,distention
distention,dilatation
distich,couple
distillate,distillation
distillation,distillment
distillery,still
distillment,distillation
distinction,differentiation
distinctive feature,peculiarity
distinctiveness,peculiarity
distinctness,sharpness
distinguishing characteristic,peculiarity
distomatosis,black disease
distorted shape,distortion
distortion,deformation
distraction,beguilement
distraint,distress
distress,hurt
distress call,distress signal
distress signal,distress call
distressfulness,seriousness
distressingness,painfulness
distributed data processing,remote-access data processing
distributer,distributor
distribution,statistical distribution
distribution channel,channel
distribution free statistic,nonparametric statistic
distributor,distributer
distributor point,breaker point
district,territory
district attorney,DA
distrust,misgiving
distrustfulness,distrust
disturbance,perturbation
disturbance of the peace,disorderly conduct
disulfiram,Antabuse
disuse,neglect
disyllable,dissyllable
dit,dot
dita,dita bark
dita bark,dita
ditch digger,mud digger
ditch fern,royal fern
ditch reed,common reed
ditch spade,long-handled spade
ditchmoss,Elodea
dither,pother
dithered color,nonsolid color
dithered colour,nonsolid color
dittany,fraxinella
dittany of crete,cretan dittany
ditto,ditto mark
ditto mark,ditto
diuretic,diuretic drug
diuretic drug,diuretic
diuril,chlorothiazide
diurnal parallax,geocentric parallax
diva,prima donna
divagation,digression
divan,diwan
divan bed,daybed
dive,honkytonk
dive brake,airbrake
diver,frogman
divergence,divergency
divergency,divergence
divergent strabismus,walleye
divergent thinking,out-of-the-box thinking
diverging lens,concave lens
diverseness,diversity
diversification,variegation
diversion,recreation
diversionary attack,diversion
diversionist,saboteur
diversity,diverseness
divertimento,serenade
divi-divi,Caesalpinia coriaria
divide,watershed
divided highway,dual carriageway
divider,splitter
dividing line,line
divina commedia,Divine Comedy
divination,prophecy
divine guidance,inspiration
divine revelation,revelation
divine right,divine right of kings
divine right of kings,divine right
divine service,service
divine unity,al-Tawhid
diving,diving event
diving dress,diving suit
diving event,diving
diving suit,diving dress
divining rod,dowser
divinity,deity
divinity fudge,divinity
divinyl ether,ether
division,part
division anthophyta,Angiospermae
division bryophyta,Bryophyta
division chlorophyta,Chlorophyta
division chrysophyta,Chrysophyta
division cyanophyta,Cyanophyta
division cynodontia,Cynodontia
division dicynodontia,Dicynodontia
division euglenophyta,Euglenophyta
division eumycota,Eumycota
division gymnomycota,Myxomycota
division gymnospermophyta,Gymnospermae
division heterokontophyta,Heterokontophyta
division lichenes,Lichenes
division magnoliophyta,Angiospermae
division myxomycota,Myxomycota
division phaeophyta,Phaeophyta
division protista,Protista
division pteridophyta,Pteridophyta
division rhodophyta,Rhodophyta
division schizophyta,Schizophyta
division spermatophyta,Spermatophyta
division tracheophyta,Tracheophyta
divisor,factor
divorce,divorcement
divorced man,grass widower
divorcee,grass widow
divorcement,divorce
divulgement,divulgence
divulgence,divulgement
diwan,divan
dixie,Confederacy
dixiecrats,States' Rights Democratic Party
dixieland,Confederacy
dizygotic twin,fraternal twin
dizziness,giddiness
dizzy gillespie,Gillespie
dj,disk jockey
djakarta,Jakarta
djinn,genie
djinni,genie
djinny,genie
dkg,dekagram
dkl,dekaliter
dkm,decameter
dl,deciliter
dle,discoid lupus erythematosus
dm,diabetes mellitus
dmd,Doctor of Dental Medicine
dmitri dmitrievich shostakovich,Shostakovich
dmitri ivanovich mendeleev,Mendeleyev
dmitri ivanovich mendeleyev,Mendeleyev
dmitri mendeleev,Mendeleyev
dmitri mendeleyev,Mendeleyev
dmitri shostakovich,Shostakovich
dmus,Doctor of Music
dmz,demilitarized zone
dna,deoxyribonucleic acid
dna chip,gene chip
dnieper river,Dnieper
do,bash
do-gooder,humanitarian
dobbin,farm horse
doberman pinscher,Doberman
dobson,hellgrammiate
dobson fly,dobson
dobsonfly,dobson
doc,doctor
dock,sorrel
dock-walloper,stevedore
dock worker,stevedore
dockage,docking fee
docker,stevedore
docket,agenda
dockhand,stevedore
docking,moorage
docking facility,dock
docking fee,dockage
dockworker,stevedore
doctor,doc
doctor's bill,medical bill
doctor's degree,doctorate
doctor-fish,doctorfish
doctorate,doctor's degree
doctorfish,doctor-fish
doctrine,philosophy
doctrine of analogy,analogy
docudrama,documentary
document,written document
documentary film,documentary
documentation,certification
dod,Department of Defense
dodecanoic acid,lauric acid
dodge,contrivance
dodgem,bumper car
dodger,fox
dodging,evasion
dodgson,Carroll
dodo,fogy
doe,Department of Energy
doei,Department of Energy Intelligence
doer,actor
dog,domestic dog
dog's-tooth check,houndstooth check
dog's-tooth violet,dogtooth violet
dog's breakfast,dog's dinner
dog's dinner,dog's breakfast
dog's mercury,dog mercury
dog-day cicada,harvest fly
dog-iron,andiron
dog bent,velvet bent
dog collar,clerical collar
dog days,canicule
dog do,dog shit
dog fennel,Eupatorium capillifolium
dog flea,Ctenocephalides canis
dog grass,couch grass
dog hobble,dog laurel
dog hook,peavey
dog house,kennel
dog laurel,dog hobble
dog mercury,dog's mercury
dog pound,pound
dog rose,Rosa canina
dog shit,dog do
dog sled,dogsled
dog sleigh,dogsled
dog star,Sirius
dog stinkhorn,Mutinus caninus
dog turd,dog shit
dog violet,heath violet
dogbane family,Apocynaceae
dogfight,hassle
dogfish,bowfin
doggedness,perseverance
doggerel,doggerel verse
doggerel verse,doggerel
doggie,pooch
doggie bag,doggy bag
doggy,pooch
doggy bag,doggie bag
doggy do,dog shit
doghouse,kennel
dogie,dogy
dogma,tenet
dogmatism,bigotry
dogmatist,doctrinaire
dogs-tooth check,houndstooth check
dogshit,bullshit
dogsled,dog sled
dogstooth check,houndstooth check
dogtooth,dogtooth violet
dogtooth violet,dogtooth
dogwood,dogwood tree
dogwood family,Cornaceae
dogwood tree,dogwood
dogy,dogie
doh,do
doi,Department of the Interior
doily,doyley
doing business as,assumed name
doings,behavior
doj,Department of Justice
dojc,Department of Justice Canada
dol,Department of Labor
doldrums,stagnation
dole,pogy
dolichocephalism,dolichocephaly
dolichocephaly,dolichocephalism
dolichonyx oryzivorus,bobolink
dolichos biflorus,horse gram
dolichos lablab,hyacinth bean
dolichos lignosus,Australian pea
dolichotis patagonum,mara
doll,dolly
doll's eyes,white baneberry
doll's house,dollhouse
dollar,dollar bill
dollar bill,dollar
dollar mark,dollar
dollar sign,dollar
dollar volume,turnover
dollarfish,Poronotus triacanthus
dollhouse,doll's house
dolly,doll
dolman,dolman jacket
dolman jacket,dolman
dolmas,stuffed grape leaves
dolmen,cromlech
dolobid,diflunisal
dolomite,bitter spar
dolophine hydrochloride,methadone
dolor,dolour
dolour,dolor
dolphin,dolphinfish
dolphin striker,martingale
dolphinfish,mahimahi
dolt,stupid
domain,sphere
domain of a function,domain
dome,attic
domed stadium,dome
domenikos theotocopoulos,El Greco
domestic animal,domesticated animal
domestic ass,donkey
domestic carp,Cyprinus carpio
domestic cat,house cat
domestic dog,dog
domestic fowl,fowl
domestic goat,Capra hircus
domestic help,domestic
domestic llama,Lama peruana
domestic partner,significant other
domestic relations court,family court
domestic science,home economics
domestic sheep,Ovis aries
domestic silkworm moth,domesticated silkworm moth
domesticated animal,domestic animal
domesticated silkworm moth,domestic silkworm moth
domestication,tameness
domicile,legal residence
domiciliation,diggings
dominance,laterality
dominant allele,dominant
domination,mastery
domine,dominus
dominee,dominus
domineeringness,imperiousness
domingo de guzman,Dominic
dominican mahogany,true mahogany
dominick,Dominique
dominicus,Sunday
dominie,dominus
dominion,rule
dominoes,dominos
dominos,dominoes
dominus,dominie
don budge,Budge
don luchino visconti conte di modrone,Visconti
don marquis,Marquis
don river,Don
donald arthur glaser,Glaser
donald barthelme,Barthelme
donald glaser,Glaser
donald robert perry marquis,Marquis
donation,contribution
donato bramante,Bramante
donato d'agnolo bramante,Bramante
donato di betto bardi,Donatello
donbas,Donets Basin
donbass,Donets Basin
donee,beneficiary
donetske,Donetsk
donjon,keep
donkey,domestic ass
donkey boiler,auxiliary boiler
donkey cart,pony cart
donkey engine,switch engine
donkey pump,auxiliary pump
donkeywork,drudgery
donor,giver
donut,doughnut
doob,Bermuda grass
doodad,doohickey
doodia,rasp fern
doodle,scribble
doodlebug,buzz bomb
doodly-squat,jack
doofus,dimwit
doohickey,doodad
doojigger,doodad
doom,doomsday
doomsday,Judgment Day
doomsday book,Domesday Book
door,doorway
door guard,doorkeeper
door latch,latch
doorbell,bell
doorcase,doorframe
doorframe,doorcase
doorhandle,doorknob
doorjamb,doorpost
doorkeeper,usher
doorknob,doorhandle
doorknocker,knocker
doorman,doorkeeper
doormat,weakling
doorpost,doorjamb
doorsill,doorstep
doorstep,doorsill
doorstop,doorstopper
doorstopper,doorstop
doorway,door
dopa,dihydroxyphenylalanine
dopamine,Dopastat
dopastat,dopamine
dope,pot
dope sheet,scratch sheet
doppelzentner,hundredweight
doppler shift,Doppler effect
dorian order,Doric order
doric dialect,Doric
doriden,glutethimide
doris lessing,Lessing
doris may lessing,Lessing
dork,jerk
dorm,dormitory
dorm room,dormitory
dormancy,quiescence
dormer,dormer window
dormer window,dormer
dormitory,dorm
dormitory room,dormitory
doroteo arango,Villa
dorothea dix,Dix
dorothea lange,Lange
dorothea lynde dix,Dix
dorotheanthus bellidiformis,livingstone daisy
dorothy dix,Gilmer
dorothy hodgkin,Hodgkin
dorothy l. sayers,Sayers
dorothy leigh sayers,Sayers
dorothy mary crowfoot hodgkin,Hodgkin
dorothy parker,Parker
dorothy rothschild parker,Parker
dorothy sayers,Sayers
dorsal horn,dorsal root
dorsal root,dorsal horn
dorsal scapular vein,vena scapularis dorsalis
dorsal vertebra,thoracic vertebra
dorsum,back
dory,dinghy
doryopteris pedata,hand fern
dos,Department of State
dosage,dose
dose,dosage
dosemeter,dosimeter
dosimeter,dosemeter
dossal,dossel
dossel,dossal
dosser,street person
dosshouse,flophouse
dostoevski,Dostoyevsky
dostoevsky,Dostoyevsky
dot,point
dot com,dot-com
dot com company,dot-com
dot matrix printer,matrix printer
dot printer,dot matrix printer
dot product,scalar product
dotage,second childhood
dotrel,dotterel
dotted gayfeather,Liatris punctata
dotterel,dotrel
douay-rheims bible,Douay Bible
douay-rheims version,Douay Bible
douay version,Douay Bible
double-bitted ax,double-bitted axe
double-bitted axe,double-bitted ax
double-blind experiment,double-blind procedure
double-blind procedure,double-blind experiment
double-blind study,double-blind procedure
double-crosser,double-dealer
double-crossing,double cross
double-dealer,double-crosser
double-decker,bus
double-entry bookkeeping,double entry
double-magnum,jeroboam
double-prop,double-propeller plane
double-propeller plane,double-prop
double-reed instrument,double reed
double-u,W
double bass,bass fiddle
double bassoon,contrabassoon
double boiler,double saucepan
double check,countercheck
double chin,buccula
double creme,heavy whipping cream
double crochet,double stitch
double cross,double-crossing
double dagger,double obelisk
double decomposition,double decomposition reaction
double decomposition reaction,double decomposition
double entry,double-entry bookkeeping
double feature,twin bill
double gold,golden glow
double obelisk,double dagger
double reed,double-reed instrument
double refraction,birefringence
double saucepan,double boiler
double star,binary star
double stitch,double crochet
double vision,diplopia
doubleheader,twin bill
doubles,double
doubling,double
doubly transitive verb,doubly transitive verb form
doubly transitive verb form,doubly transitive verb
doubt,uncertainty
doubter,skeptic
doubtfulness,doubt
doubting thomas,Thomas
douche,douche bag
douche bag,douche
dough,boodle
doughnut,ring
douglas elton fairbanks,Fairbanks
douglas fairbanks,Fairbanks
douglas fairbanks jr.,Fairbanks
douglas hemlock,green douglas fir
douglas macarthur,MacArthur
douglas moore,Moore
douglas pine,green douglas fir
douglas spruce,green douglas fir
douglas squirrel,chickeree
doula,labor coach
doura,durra
dourah,durra
douroucouli,Aotus trivirgatus
dousing,submersion
dove,peacenik
dove's foot geranium,Geranium molle
dovecote,columbarium
dovekie,little auk
dovetail,dovetail joint
dovetail joint,dovetail
dovyalis caffra,kei apple
dovyalis hebecarpa,ketembilla
dow-jones industrial average,Dow Jones
dowdiness,drabness
dowel,dowel pin
dowel pin,dowel
dower,dowry
dowery,dowry
down's syndrome,mongolism
down easter,Mainer
down feather,down
down payment,deposit
down syndrome,mongolism
down town,civic center
downer,sedative
downfall,ruin
downheartedness,dejectedness
downiness,featheriness
downpour,cloudburst
downrightness,straightforwardness
downsizing,retrenchment
downslope,descent
downswing,downturn
downturn,downswing
downy ash,red ash
downy birch,white birch
downy brome,downy bromegrass
downy bromegrass,downy brome
downy cheat,downy brome
downy chess,downy brome
downy ground cherry,strawberry tomato
downy haw,red haw
downy manzanita,woolly manzanita
downy mildew,false mildew
downy poplar,swamp cottonwood
downy wood mint,Blephilia celiata
downy yellow violet,Viola pubescens
dowry,dowery
dowse,dowsing
dowser,water witch
dowsing,dowse
dowsing rod,divining rod
doxazosin,Cardura
doxepin,doxepin hydrochloride
doxepin hydrochloride,doxepin
doxy,concubine
doxycycline,Vibramycin
doyen,dean
doyley,doily
doyly,doily
doze,drowse
dozens,tons
dozer,bulldozer
dp,displaced person
dph,Doctor of Public Health
dprk,North Korea
dr.,doctor
dr. j,Erving
dr. johnson,Johnson
dr. seuss,Geisel
draba verna,whitlow grass
drabness,dowdiness
dracaena draco,dragon tree
dracaenaceae,Dracenaceae
drachm,dram
drachma,dram
dracocephalum parviflorum,dragonhead
dracunculiasis,Guinea worm disease
dracunculus medinensis,Guinea worm
dracunculus vulgaris,dragon arum
draft,bill of exchange
draft beer,draught beer
draft copy,draft
draft dodger,draft evader
draft evader,draft dodger
draft horse,draught horse
draftee,conscript
drafting,mechanical drawing
drafting board,drawing board
drafting table,drawing table
draftsman,draughtsman
draftsmanship,drawing
draftsperson,draftsman
drag,retarding force
drag coefficient,coefficient of drag
dragger,puller
dragnet,trawl
dragon,firedrake
dragon's eye,longanberry
dragon's head,dragonhead
dragon's mouth,bog rose
dragon arum,green dragon
dragon lizard,Komodo dragon
dragon tree,Dracaena draco
dragonfly,darning needle
dragonhead,dragon's head
drain,drainage
drainage,drain
drainage area,river basin
drainage basin,river basin
drainboard,draining board
draining board,drainboard
drainpipe,drain
dram,drachm
drama,play
drama critic,theater critic
dramamine,dimenhydrinate
dramatic art,dramaturgy
dramatic composition,dramatic work
dramatic event,drama
dramatic performance,dramatic production
dramatic play,play
dramatic production,dramatic performance
dramatic work,dramatic composition
dramatics,dramaturgy
dramatis personae,cast
dramatisation,dramatization
dramatist,playwright
dramatization,dramatisation
dramaturgy,dramatic art
drape,curtain
drapery,curtain
draught,draft
draught beer,draft beer
draught horse,draft horse
draughts,checkers
draughtsman,draftsman
dravidian language,Dravidian
dravidic,Dravidian
draw,drawing card
draw play,draw
draw poker,draw
drawbridge,lift bridge
drawer,draftsman
drawers,underdrawers
drawing,draftsmanship
drawing-room car,parlor car
drawing board,drafting board
drawing card,draw
drawing ink,India ink
drawing lots,casting lots
drawing off,drawing
drawing pin,thumbtack
drawing room,withdrawing room
drawing string,drawstring
drawing table,drafting table
drawknife,drawshave
drawn butter,clarified butter
drawshave,drawknife
drawstring,drawing string
dray,camion
dray horse,draft horse
drayhorse,carthorse
dreadfulness,awfulness
dreadnaught,dreadnought
dreadnought,dreadnaught
dream,dreaming
dreamer,idealist
dreaminess,languor
dreaming,dream
dreamland,never-never land
dreamworld,never-never land
dreariness,boringness
dreck,schlock
dred scott,Scott
dregs,settlings
dreissena polymorpha,zebra mussel
drenching,soaking
drepanocytic anaemia,sickle-cell anemia
drepanocytic anemia,sickle-cell anemia
dress blues,dress whites
dress circle,circle
dress hanger,coat hanger
dress hat,high hat
dress shirt,evening shirt
dress shop,boutique
dress suit,full dress
dress whites,dress blues
dressed ore,concentrate
dresser,chest of drawers
dressing,salad dressing
dressing down,castigation
dressing gown,robe-de-chambre
dressing sack,dressing sacque
dressing sacque,dressing sack
dressing station,aid station
dressing table,dresser
dressmaker,modiste
drib,drop
dribble,drip
dribbler,driveller
dribbling,dribble
driblet,drop
dried milk,powdered milk
drier,desiccant
drift,impetus
drifter,vagrant
drill,Mandrillus leucophaeus
drill bit,drilling bit
drill hole,bore
drill instructor,drill master
drill master,drill instructor
drill rig,drilling rig
drill rod,drill steel
drill steel,drill rod
drilling,boring
drilling bit,drill bit
drilling fluid,drilling mud
drilling mud,drilling fluid
drilling platform,offshore rig
drilling rig,drill rig
drimys winteri,winter's bark
drink,drinking
drinker,imbiber
drinking,imbibing
drinking chocolate,cocoa
drinking fountain,water fountain
drinking glass,glass
drinking straw,straw
drip,trickle
drip mold,drip
drip mould,drip
drip pan,dripping pan
drippage,dripping
drippiness,mawkishness
dripping pan,drip pan
drippings,dripping
dripstone,hoodmold
drive,thrust
drive line,drive line system
drive line system,drive line
drivel,garbage
driveller,jabberer
driven well,tube well
driver,device driver
driver's licence,driver's license
driver's license,driver's licence
driver ant,army ant
driveway,drive
driving axle,live axle
driving force,drive
driving iron,one iron
driving licence,driver's license
driving license,driver's license
driving range,golf range
drizzle,mizzle
drms,Defense Reutilization and Marketing Service
drogue,windsock
drogue chute,drogue
drogue parachute,drogue
drollery,clowning
dromaius novaehollandiae,emu
drome,airport
dromedary,Arabian camel
drone,monotone
drone pipe,drone
droning,monotone
drool,baloney
drooler,dribbler
droop,sag
drooping brome,downy brome
drooping juniper,Mexican juniper
drop,bead
drop-off,slump
drop-seed,dropseed
drop cloth,drop curtain
drop curtain,drop cloth
drop earring,pendant earring
drop forge,drop hammer
drop hammer,drop forge
drop keel,centerboard
drop line,dropline
drop press,drop forge
drop scone,griddlecake
drop shot,dink
drop zone,dropping zone
dropline,drop line
dropped egg,poached egg
dropper,eye dropper
dropping zone,drop zone
droppings,dung
dropseed,drop-seed
dropsy,edema
droshky,drosky
drosky,droshky
drosophila,Drosophila melanogaster
drosophila melanogaster,drosophila
dross,impurity
drought,drouth
drouth,drought
drove,horde
drove chisel,drove
drover,herder
drowse,doze
drowsiness,sleepiness
drubbing,thrashing
drudge,hack
drudgery,plodding
drug abuse,substance abuse
drug addict,junkie
drug addiction,white plague
drug baron,drug lord
drug bust,drugs bust
drug cocktail,highly active antiretroviral therapy
drug company,pharmaceutical company
drug dealer,pusher
drug enforcement agency,Drug Enforcement Administration
drug lord,drug baron
drug of abuse,street drug
drug peddler,pusher
drug traffic,drug trafficking
drug trafficker,pusher
drug trafficking,drug traffic
drug user,substance abuser
drug withdrawal,withdrawal
drugging,sedation
druggist,pharmacist
drugs bust,drug bust
drugstore,apothecary's shop
drum,membranophone
drum majorette,majorette
drum roll,paradiddle
drum sander,electric sander
drumbeat,rub-a-dub
drumbeater,partisan
drumfire,cannonade
drumfish,drum
drumstick tree,golden shower tree
drunkard,drunk
drunken reveler,drunken reveller
drunken reveller,drunken reveler
drunken revelry,orgy
drunkenness,inebriation
drupe,stone fruit
druse,Druze
druthers,preference
dry-stone wall,dry wall
dry cereal,cold cereal
dry cleaner,cleaner
dry cleaners,cleaners
dry dock,drydock
dry gangrene,cold gangrene
dry land,land
dry measure,dry unit
dry milk,powdered milk
dry mop,dustmop
dry mouth,xerostomia
dry mustard,powdered mustard
dry pint,pint
dry plate,dry plate process
dry plate process,dry plate
dry quart,quart
dry run,rehearsal
dry socket,alveolitis
dry unit,dry measure
dry vermouth,French vermouth
dry wall,wallboard
dry wash,wash
dryad,wood nymph
dryas octopetala,mountain avens
drydock,dry dock
dryer,drier
drygoods,soft goods
drying agent,desiccant
drying up,dehydration
dryland berry,dryland blueberry
dryland blueberry,dryland berry
drymarchon corais,indigo snake
drymarchon corais couperi,eastern indigo snake
drynaria rigidula,basket fern
dryness,waterlessness
dryopithecus rudapithecus hungaricus,rudapithecus
dryopteris dilatata,broad buckler-fern
dryopteris filix-mas,male fern
dryopteris fragrans,fragrant cliff fern
dryopteris goldiana,Goldie's fern
dryopteris hexagonoptera,broad beech fern
dryopteris marginalis,marginal wood fern
dryopteris noveboracensis,New York fern
dryopteris oreades,mountain male fern
dryopteris oreopteris,mountain fern
dryopteris phegopteris,long beech fern
dryopteris thelypteris,marsh fern
dryopteris thelypteris pubescens,snuffbox fern
drywall,wallboard
ds,darmstadtium
dsl,digital subscriber line
dtic,Defense Technical Information Center
dts,delirium tremens
duad,couple
dual carriageway,divided highway
dual inline package switch,DIP switch
duality,dichotomy
dubiety,doubt
dubiousness,doubt
dubnium,Db
dubois heyward,Heyward
dubya,Bush
dubyuh,Bush
duc d'elchingen,Ney
duc de richelieu,Richelieu
duc de sully,Sully
duchess of ferrara,Borgia
duchess of windsor,Simpson
duchesse de valentinois,Diane de Poitiers
duchy,dukedom
duck,duck's egg
duck's egg,duck
duck-billed dinosaur,hadrosaur
duck-billed platypus,platypus
duck hunting,ducking
duck sauce,hoisin sauce
duck shot,bird shot
duck soup,cinch
duckbilled platypus,platypus
ducking,duck hunting
ducking stool,cucking stool
duckpins,duckpin
duckweed family,Lemnaceae
ducky,darling
duct,epithelial duct
duct gland,exocrine gland
ductileness,ductility
ductility,ductileness
ductless gland,endocrine gland
ductule,ductulus
ductulus,ductule
ductus deferens,vas deferens
dude,fellow
dudgeon,high dudgeon
dudley moore,Moore
dudley stuart john moore,Moore
duds,togs
due care,ordinary care
due date,maturity
due east,east
due north,north
due process,due process of law
due process of law,due process
due south,south
due west,west
duel,affaire d'honneur
dueler,dueller
duelist,dueler
dueller,dueler
duellist,dueler
duet,couple
duette,duet
duff,plum duff
duffel,duffel bag
duffel bag,duffle bag
duffel coat,duffle coat
duffle,duffel bag
duffle bag,duffel bag
duffle coat,duffel coat
dugald stewart,Stewart
dugong,Dugong dugon
dugong dugon,dugong
dugout,dugout canoe
dugout canoe,dugout
duke ellington,Ellington
duke of argyll's tea tree,common matrimony vine
duke of cumberland,Cumberland
duke of edinburgh,Philip
duke of lancaster,John of Gaunt
duke of marlborough,Churchill
duke of wellington,Wellington
duke of windsor,Edward
duke wayne,Wayne
dukedom,duchy
dulcinea,ladylove
dullard,stupid
dullness,obtuseness
dulse,Rhodymenia palmata
dumb bomb,gravity bomb
dumb cane,mother-in-law plant
dumb show,mime
dumbass,dunce
dumbbell,dummy
dumbness,denseness
dumbwaiter,food elevator
dumdum,dumdum bullet
dumdum bullet,dumdum
dumdum fever,visceral leishmaniasis
dumetella carolinensis,catbird
dump,shit
dump truck,dumper
dumper,dump truck
dumpiness,squattiness
dumpling,dumplings
dumplings,dumpling
dumps,mopes
dumpsite,dump
duncan grant,Grant
duncan james corrow grant,Grant
dunce,dunderhead
dunce's cap,dunce cap
dunce cap,dunce's cap
dundathu pine,queensland kauri
dunderhead,dunce
dune,sand dune
dune buggy,beach buggy
dung,droppings
dungaree,denim
dungeon,keep
dunghill,midden
dunk,dunk shot
dunk shot,dunk
dunkard,Dunker
dunkerque,Dunkirk
dunkers,Church of the Brethren
dunlin,red-backed sandpiper
dunnock,hedge sparrow
duo,couple
duodecimal number system,duodecimal system
duodecimal system,duodecimal number system
duodenal smear,paraduodenal smear
duologue,dialogue
duomo,cathedral
dupe,victim
dupery,fraud
duplex apartment,duplex
duplex house,duplex
duplicability,reproducibility
duplication,duplicate
duplicator,copier
duplicity,fraudulence
dura,dura mater
dura mater,dura
durability,lastingness
durable goods,durables
durable press,permanent press
durables,durable goods
durabolin,nandrolone
duramen,heartwood
duration,continuance
durative,durative aspect
durative aspect,durative
durazzo,Durres
durian,durion
durian tree,durian
durio zibethinus,durian
durion,durian
durmast,Quercus petraea
durra,doura
durum,durum wheat
durum wheat,durum
dusanbe,Dushanbe
dusicyon cancrivorus,crab-eating dog
dusk,twilight
duskiness,dimness
dusky-footed woodrat,Neotoma fuscipes
dusky shark,Carcharhinus obscurus
dust,debris
dust bag,vacuum bag
dust coat,duster
dust cover,book jacket
dust jacket,book jacket
dust mop,dustmop
dust sheet,dust cover
dust storm,duster
dust wrapper,book jacket
dustbin,ashcan
dustcart,garbage truck
dustcloth,dustrag
duster,dust storm
dustin hoffman,Hoffman
dusting powder,toilet powder
dustman,garbage man
dustmop,dust mop
dustpan,dustpanful
dustpanful,dustpan
dustrag,dustcloth
dustup,quarrel
dusty miller,silver-lace
dutch capital,Amsterdam
dutch case-knife bean,scarlet runner
dutch clover,white clover
dutch east indies,Indonesia
dutch florin,guilder
dutch guiana,Suriname
dutch hoe,scuffle
dutch leonard,Leonard
dutch people,Dutch
dutchman,Netherlander
duty,responsibility
duty assignment,assignment
duty period,shift
duty tour,enlistment
duvet,eiderdown
dvd,videodisk
dwarf,midget
dwarf-white trillium,snow trillium
dwarf astilbe,Astilbe chinensis pumila
dwarf banana,Musa acuminata
dwarf bilberry,dwarf blueberry
dwarf blueberry,dwarf bilberry
dwarf buckeye,bottlebrush buckeye
dwarf buffalo,anoa
dwarf cape gooseberry,strawberry tomato
dwarf chestnut,Allegheny chinkapin
dwarf chinkapin oak,dwarf chinquapin oak
dwarf chinquapin oak,dwarf chinkapin oak
dwarf cornel,bunchberry
dwarf daisy,woolly daisy
dwarf dandelion,Krigia dandelion
dwarf elder,danewort
dwarf elm,Siberian elm
dwarf flowering almond,Prunus glandulosa
dwarf golden chinkapin,Chrysolepis sempervirens
dwarf gray willow,dwarf grey willow
dwarf grey willow,dwarf gray willow
dwarf hulsea,Hulsea nana
dwarf iris,vernal iris
dwarf juniper,ground cedar
dwarf lycopod,rock spikemoss
dwarf maple,Rocky-mountain maple
dwarf mountain pine,Swiss mountain pine
dwarf mulberry,cloudberry
dwarf nipplewort,lamb succory
dwarf oak,dwarf chinkapin oak
dwarf phlox,moss pink
dwarf pipefish,Syngnathus hildebrandi
dwarf pocket rat,kangaroo mouse
dwarf russian almond,Russian almond
dwarf sperm whale,Kogia simus
dwarf spurge,Euphorbia exigua
dwarf sumac,mountain sumac
dwarf tulip,Tulipa armena
dwarf willow,Salix herbacea
dwarfism,nanism
dweeb,swot
dweller,inhabitant
dwelling,home
dwelling house,dwelling
dwight d. eisenhower,Eisenhower
dwight david eisenhower,Eisenhower
dwight davis,Davis
dwight eisenhower,Eisenhower
dwight filley davis,Davis
dwight lyman moody,Moody
dwindling away,dwindling
dy,dysprosium
dyad,couple
dyarchy,diarchy
dyaus-pitar,Dyaus
dybbuk,dibbuk
dye,dyestuff
dyer's-broom,woodwaxen
dyer's greenweed,woodwaxen
dyer's mignonette,dyer's rocket
dyer's rocket,dyer's mignonette
dyer's weed,Solidago rugosa
dyer's woad,Isatis tinctoria
dyer's woodruff,Asperula tinctoria
dyers' chamomile,yellow chamomile
dyestuff,dye
dyeweed,woodwaxen
dyke,butch
dylan marlais thomas,Thomas
dylan thomas,Thomas
dynamic electricity,current electricity
dynamic headroom,headroom
dynamic viscosity,coefficient of viscosity
dynamics,kinetics
dynamism,vigor
dynamiter,dynamitist
dynamitist,dynamiter
dynamometer,ergometer
dynapen,dicloxacillin
dysfunction,disfunction
dysgenics,cacogenics
dysosmia,parosamia
dysostosis multiplex,Hurler's syndrome
dyspepsia,indigestion
dyspnea,dyspnoea
dyspnoea,dyspnea
dysprosium,Dy
dyssynergia,ataxia
dysthymia,dysthymic depression
dysthymic depression,dysthymia
dystrophy,muscular dystrophy
dyushambe,Dushanbe
dziggetai,chigetai
e,vitamin E
e-bomb,microwave bomb
e-mail,electronic mail
e-mycin,erythromycin
e. a. von willebrand,Willebrand
e. b. white,White
e. coli,Escherichia coli
e. e. cummings,cummings
e. g. marshall,Marshall
e. h. harriman,Harriman
e. h. weber,Weber
e. l. doctorow,Doctorow
e. o. lawrence,Lawrence
e. o. wilson,Wilson
e. t. a. hoffmann,Hoffmann
e. t. s. walton,Walton
e. w. morley,Morley
e.s.p.,clairvoyance
e layer,Heaviside layer
e region,Heaviside layer
eacles imperialis,imperial moth
eadweard muybridge,Muybridge
eadwig,Edwy
eager beaver,busy bee
eagerness,avidity
eagle,bird of Jove
eagre,tidal bore
eamon de valera,de Valera
ear,auricle
ear-nose-and-throat doctor,ENT man
ear-shell,abalone
ear canal,auditory meatus
ear doctor,ear specialist
ear fungus,Jew's-ear
ear lobe,earlobe
ear specialist,ear doctor
ear trumpet,hearing aid
earache,otalgia
eardrop,pendant earring
eardrum,tympanum
eared grebe,black-necked grebe
earflap,earlap
earful,castigation
earl of leicester,Montfort
earl of warwick,Warwick
earl russell,Russell
earl warren,Warren
earlap,earflap
earleaved umbrella tree,Magnolia fraseri
earless seal,true seal
earlobe,ear lobe
early childhood,infancy
early coral root,pale coral root
early days,youth
early morel,Verpa bohemica
early purple orchid,male orchis
early spider orchid,Ophrys sphegodes
early wake-robin,dwarf-white trillium
early winter cress,Belle Isle cress
earmark,hallmark
earned run average,ERA
earner,wage earner
earnest money,arles
earnestness,seriousness
earnings,net income
earnings before interest taxes depreciation and amortization,EBITDA
earnings report,income statement
earphone,earpiece
earpiece,earphone
earreach,earshot
earshot,earreach
earth's crust,crust
earth's surface,surface
earth-ball,truffle
earth-closet,outhouse
earth-god,earth god
earth-goddess,earth goddess
earth-nut pea,heath pea
earth-tongue,earthtongue
earth almond,chufa
earth god,earth-god
earth goddess,earth-goddess
earth tremor,tremor
earth wax,ader wax
earthball,false truffle
earthenware jar,crock
earthing,grounding
earthling,tellurian
earthly concern,worldly concern
earthman,tellurian
earthnut,truffle
earthnut pea,heath pea
earthquake,quake
earthtongue,earth-tongue
earthworm,angleworm
earwax,cerumen
eas,Emergency Alert System
ease,easiness
easement,easing
easiness,relaxation
easing,moderation
east by north,EbN
east by south,EbS
east germanic language,East Germanic
east india,Malay Archipelago
east india rosewood,Indian blackwood
east indian fig tree,banyan
east indian rosebay,crape jasmine
east indian rosewood,Indian blackwood
east indies,Malay Archipelago
east northeast,ENE
east pakistan,Bangladesh
east sea,Sea of Japan
east southeast,ESE
east tocharian,Turfan
east turkestan islamic movement,East Turkistan Islamic Movement
east wind,easter
easter day,Easter Sunday
easter lily vine,Nepal trumpet flower
eastern chimpanzee,Pan troglodytes schweinfurthii
eastern chinquapin,Allegheny chinkapin
eastern chipmunk,hackee
eastern church,Orthodox Church
eastern coral snake,Micrurus fulvius
eastern cottontail,Sylvilagus floridanus
eastern cricket frog,Acris gryllus
eastern dasyure,Dasyurus quoll
eastern desert,Arabian Desert
eastern fence lizard,pine lizard
eastern flowering dogwood,common white dogwood
eastern fox squirrel,fox squirrel
eastern gray squirrel,eastern grey squirrel
eastern grey squirrel,eastern gray squirrel
eastern ground snake,Potamophis striatula
eastern hemisphere,orient
eastern hemlock,Canadian hemlock
eastern highlands,Great Dividing Range
eastern indigo snake,Drymarchon corais couperi
eastern lowland gorilla,Gorilla gorilla grauri
eastern malayo-polynesian,Oceanic
eastern meadowlark,Sturnella magna
eastern narrow-mouthed toad,Gastrophryne carolinensis
eastern orthodox church,Orthodox Church
eastern pasque flower,American pasqueflower
eastern pipistrel,Pipistrellus subflavus
eastern poison oak,Toxicodendron quercifolium
eastern red-backed salamander,Plethodon cinereus
eastern red cedar,red cedar
eastern roman empire,Byzantine Empire
eastern samoa,American Samoa
eastern sioux,Santee
eastern spruce,red spruce
eastern standard time,Eastern Time
eastern turki,Chagatai
eastern united states,East
eastern white pine,American white pine
eastern woodrat,Neotoma floridana
easy chair,lounge chair
easy going,plain sailing
easy lay,soap
easy mark,sitting duck
easy money,gravy train
eatage,forage
eater,feeder
eatery,restaurant
eating,feeding
eating apple,dessert apple
eating away,erosion
eating house,restaurant
eating place,restaurant
eating utensil,cutlery
eaton-lambert syndrome,Lambert-Eaton syndrome
eats,chow
eau de cologne,cologne
eau de cologne mint,bergamot mint
eau de javelle,Javelle water
eau de toilette,toilet water
eb,exabit
ebb,ebbing
ebbing,ebb
ebit,exabit
ebn,east by north
ebola,Ebola hemorrhagic fever
ebola fever,Ebola hemorrhagic fever
ebonics,African American Vernacular English
ebonite,hard rubber
ebony family,Ebenaceae
ebony spleenwort,Scott's Spleenwort
ebony tree,ebony
ebro river,Ebro
ebs,east by south
ebullience,exuberance
ebullition,effusion
eburophyton austinae,phantom orchid
ebv,Epstein-Barr virus
ec,European Union
ecballium elaterium,squirting cucumber
ecc,error correction code
eccentric person,eccentric
ecclesiastical attire,ecclesiastical robe
ecclesiastical benefice,benefice
ecclesiastical calendar,church calendar
ecclesiastical law,canon law
ecclesiastical mode,Gregorian mode
ecclesiastical robe,ecclesiastical attire
ecclesiasticus,Ben Sira
eccm,electronic counter-countermeasures
eccyesis,ectopic pregnancy
ecdysiast,stripper
ecdysis,molt
ecesis,establishment
ecf,extracellular fluid
ecg,electrocardiogram
echeneis naucrates,sharksucker
echidna,spiny anteater
echidnophaga gallinacea,sticktight
echinocactus,barrel cactus
echinocactus grusonii,golden barrel cactus
echinochloa crusgalli,barnyard grass
echinochloa frumentacea,Japanese millet
echinococcosis,hydatid disease
echinus esculentus,edible sea urchin
echium vulgare,blueweed
echo,reverberation
echo sounder,sonar
echo sounding,echolocation
echogram,sonogram
echography,sonography
echolocation,echo sounding
eclat,acclaim
eclectic method,eclecticism
eclecticism,eclectic method
eclecticist,eclectic
eclipse,occultation
eclipsis,ellipsis
eclogue,bucolic
ecm,electronic countermeasures
eco-warfare,ecoterrorism
ecological niche,niche
ecological succession,succession
ecological terrorism,ecoterrorism
ecological warfare,ecoterrorism
ecology,bionomics
econometrician,econometrist
econometrist,econometrician
economic aid,aid
economic consumption,consumption
economic crisis,depression
economic expert,economist
economic mobilisation,economic mobilization
economic mobilization,economic mobilisation
economic rent,rent
economic science,economics
economic system,economy
economic value,value
economics,economic science
economics department,department of economics
economiser,economizer
economist,economic expert
economizer,economiser
economy,economic system
economy class,cabin class
ecosoc,Economic and Social Council
ecosoc commission,Economic and Social Council commission
ecoterrorism,ecological terrorism
ecphonesis,exclamation
ecrevisse,crayfish
ecru,beige
ecstasy,rapture
ecstatic state,religious trance
ect,electroconvulsive therapy
ectasia,ectasis
ectasis,ectasia
ectoblast,ectoderm
ectoderm,exoderm
ectomorphy,asthenic type
ectoparasite,ectozoan
ectopic gestation,ectopic pregnancy
ectopic pregnancy,extrauterine pregnancy
ectopistes migratorius,passenger pigeon
ectotherm,poikilotherm
ectozoon,ectoparasite
ecuadoran,Ecuadorian
ecumenicalism,ecumenism
ecumenicism,ecumenism
ecumenism,oecumenism
eczema hypertrophicum,lichtenoid eczema
eczema marginatum,tinea cruris
eczema vaccinatum,Kaposi's varicelliform eruption
ed,erectile dysfunction
ed sullivan,Sullivan
edacity,esurience
edd,Doctor of Education
edda,taro
eddie rickenbacker,Rickenbacker
eddo,taro
eddy merckx,Merckx
edecrin,ethacrynic acid
edelweiss,Leontopodium alpinum
edema,oedema
edgar albert guest,Guest
edgar allan poe,Poe
edgar degas,Degas
edgar douglas adrian,Adrian
edgar guest,Guest
edgar lee masters,Masters
edgar rice burroughs,Burroughs
edgar varese,Varese
edgar wallace,Wallace
edgard lawrence doctorow,Doctorow
edge,border
edgeworth-kuiper belt,Kuiper belt
edginess,uneasiness
edibility,edibleness
edible-pod pea,edible-podded pea
edible-podded pea,edible-pod pea
edible asparagus,asparagus
edible banana,Musa paradisiaca sapientum
edible bean,bean
edible cockle,Cardium edule
edible corn,corn
edible mussel,Mytilus edulis
edible sea urchin,Echinus esculentus
edible snail,Helix pomatia
edibleness,edibility
edict,decree
edification,sophistication
edifice,building
edith cavell,Cavell
edith giovanna gassion,Piaf
edith louisa cavell,Cavell
edith newbold jones wharton,Wharton
edith piaf,Piaf
edith wharton,Wharton
editing,redaction
edition,version
editor,editor in chief
editor in chief,editor
editor program,editor
editorialist,columnist
edmond de goncourt,Goncourt
edmond halley,Halley
edmond hoyle,Hoyle
edmond louis antoine huot de goncourt,Goncourt
edmond malone,Malone
edmond rostand,Rostand
edmund burke,Burke
edmund cartwright,Cartwright
edmund charles edouard genet,Genet
edmund halley,Halley
edmund hillary,Hillary
edmund husserl,Husserl
edmund ironside,Edmund II
edmund john millington synge,Synge
edmund kean,Kean
edmund malone,Malone
edmund spenser,Spenser
edmund wilson,Wilson
edna ferber,Ferber
edna millay,Millay
edna o'brien,O'Brien
edna saint vincent millay,Millay
edouard lemaitre,Lemaitre
edouard manet,Manet
edouard vuillard,Vuillard
edp,electronic data processing
edronax,reboxetine
eds,explosive detection system
edsel bryant ford,Ford
edta,ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid
eduard buchner,Buchner
educatee,student
education,instruction
education department,Department of Education
education secretary,Secretary of Education
educational activity,education
educationalist,educationist
educationist,educationalist
educator,pedagogue
edvard grieg,Grieg
edvard hagerup grieg,Grieg
edvard munch,Munch
edward albee,Albee
edward antony richard louis,Edward
edward appleton,Appleton
edward benjamin britten,Britten
edward bouverie pusey,Pusey
edward calvin kendall,Kendall
edward d. white,White
edward douglas white jr.,White
edward durell stone,Stone
edward estlin cummings,cummings
edward everett hale,Hale
edward fitzgerald,Fitzgerald
edward franklin albeen,Albee
edward g. robinson,Robinson
edward george earle bulwer-lytton,Lytton
edward gibbon,Gibbon
edward goldenberg robinson,Robinson
edward henry harriman,Harriman
edward i,Edward
edward ii,Edward
edward iii,Edward
edward iv,Edward
edward james hughes,Hughes
edward james muggeridge,Muybridge
edward jean steichen,Steichen
edward jenner,Jenner
edward kendall,Kendall
edward kennedy ellington,Ellington
edward lawrie tatum,Tatum
edward lear,Lear
edward lee thorndike,Thorndike
edward macdowell,MacDowell
edward morley,Morley
edward osborne wilson,Wilson
edward pusey,Pusey
edward r. murrow,Murrow
edward roscoe murrow,Murrow
edward sapir,Sapir
edward teach,Teach
edward teller,Teller
edward thatch,Teach
edward v,Edward
edward vernon rickenbacker,Rickenbacker
edward vi,Edward
edward vii,Edward
edward viii,Edward
edward vincent sullivan,Sullivan
edward weston,Weston
edward white,White
edward williams morley,Morley
edward winslow,Winslow
edward wyllis scripps,Scripps
edward young,Young
edwin arlington robinson,Robinson
edwin dubois hayward,Heyward
edwin herbert land,Land
edwin hubble,Hubble
edwin powell hubble,Hubble
ee,electrical engineering
eec,European Union
eeg,electroencephalogram
eelgrass,grass wrack
eelgrass family,Zosteraceae
eelpout,pout
eeriness,ghostliness
eero saarinen,Saarinen
effacement,self-effacement
effect,consequence
effecter,effector
effectiveness,effectivity
effectivity,effectiveness
effector,effecter
effects,personal effects
effectuality,effectiveness
effectualness,effectiveness
effectuation,implementation
effeminacy,effeminateness
effeminateness,effeminacy
efferent fiber,motor fiber
efferent nerve,motor nerve
efferent neuron,motor neuron
effervescence,bubbliness
efficaciousness,efficacy
efficacy,efficaciousness
efficiency engineer,efficiency expert
efficiency expert,efficiency engineer
effigy,image
efflorescence,flower
effluence,outflow
efflux,outflow
effort,attempt
effrontery,presumption
effulgence,radiance
effusion,gush
effusiveness,expansiveness
efrem zimbalist,Zimbalist
egalitarianism,equalitarianism
egalite,egality
egality,egalite
egeria densa,dense-leaved elodea
egg,eggs
egg-and-anchor,egg-and-dart
egg-and-dart,egg-and-anchor
egg-and-tongue,egg-and-dart
egg-laying mammal,monotreme
egg cell,ovum
egg cup,eggcup
egg en cocotte,shirred egg
egg foo yong,egg fu yung
egg fu yung,egg foo yong
egg laying,laying
egg roll,spring roll
egg white,white
egg yolk,yolk
eggar,egger
eggbeater,helicopter
eggcup,egg cup
egger,eggar
eggfruit,canistel
eggplant,aubergine
eggplant bush,eggplant
eggs,egg
eggshell,shell
eggwhisk,eggbeater
egis,breastplate
eglantine,sweetbrier
ego,egotism
ego trip,self-aggrandizement
egocentrism,egoism
egoism,egocentrism
egoist,egotist
egotism,self-importance
egotist,egoist
egress,emersion
egression,egress
egretta albus,American egret
egretta caerulea,little blue heron
egretta garzetta,little egret
egretta thula,snowy egret
egtk,Tupac Katari Guerrilla Army
egyptian bean,hyacinth bean
egyptian capital,Cairo
egyptian cobra,asp
egyptian corn,durra
egyptian islamic jihad,al-Jihad
egyptian lupine,white lupine
egyptian onion,tree onion
egyptian paper reed,papyrus
egyptian paper rush,papyrus
egyptian pea,chickpea
egyptian water lily,lotus
ehf,extremely high frequency
eib,exabyte
eibit,exbibit
eichhornia crassipes,water hyacinth
eichhornia spesiosa,water hyacinth
eider,eider duck
eider duck,eider
eiderdown,duvet
eigenvalue,eigenvalue of a matrix
eigenvalue of a matrix,eigenvalue
eigenvalue of a square matrix,eigenvalue
eight-spot,eight
eighter,eight
eighter from decatur,eight
eighth cranial nerve,acoustic nerve
eighth note,quaver
eighties,1880s
eightsome,octet
eightvo,octavo
eileen farrell,Farrell
eimeria,coccidium
einstein's general theory of relativity,general relativity
einstein's special theory of relativity,special relativity
einstein's theory of relativity,relativity
einsteinium,Es
eira barbara,tayra
eire,Ireland
eitchen midden,midden
ejaculate,semen
ejaculation,interjection
ejection,expulsion
ejection seat,ejector seat
ejector,ouster
ejector seat,ejection seat
ekbom syndrome,restless legs syndrome
ekg,electrocardiogram
el,elevation
el-aksur,Luxor
el beda,Doha
el caudillo,Franco
el giza,Giza
el iskandriyah,Alexandria
el libertador,Bolivar
el qahira,Cairo
el salvadoran colon,colon
ela,Revolutionary People's Struggle
elaborateness,elaboration
elaboration,amplification
elaeagnus augustifolia,Russian olive
elaeagnus commutata,silverberry
elaeagnus latifolia,wild olive
elaeis guineensis,African oil palm
elaeis oleifera,American oil palm
elaeocarpus family,Elaeocarpaceae
elaeocarpus grandis,quandong
elaeostearic acid,eleostearic acid
elagatis bipinnulata,rainbow runner
elan,ardor
elan vital,life force
elanoides forficatus,swallow-tailed kite
elanus leucurus,white-tailed kite
elaphe guttata,corn snake
elaphe obsoleta,black rat snake
elaphure,pere david's deer
elaphurus davidianus,pere david's deer
elapid,elapid snake
elapid snake,elapid
elasmobranch,selachian
elastance,electrical elastance
elastic band,rubber band
elastic energy,elastic potential energy
elastic modulus,coefficient of elasticity
elastic potential energy,elastic energy
elasticity,snap
elater,elaterid beetle
elaterid,elaterid beetle
elaterid beetle,elater
elation,high spirits
elavil,amitriptyline
elbe river,Elbe
elbow,elbow joint
elbow bone,ulna
elbow grease,effort
elbow joint,elbow
elbow room,room
eld,old age
elder hand,eldest hand
elderberry,bourtree
elderberry bush,elder
eldest hand,elder hand
eldorado,El Dorado
eleanor gwyn,Gwynn
eleanor gwynn,Gwynn
eleanor gwynne,Gwynn
eleanor roosevelt,Roosevelt
elecampane,Inula helenium
election day,polling day
election district,voting precinct
electioneering,bell ringing
elective course,elective
elector,voter
electoral system,voting system
electric-arc furnace,Stassano furnace
electric-discharge lamp,gas-discharge lamp
electric-light bulb,light bulb
electric arc,discharge
electric automobile,electric
electric battery,battery
electric car,electric
electric catfish,Malopterurus electricus
electric cell,cell
electric chair,chair
electric charge,charge
electric circuit,circuit
electric company,power company
electric cord,cord
electric current,current
electric dipole,electric doublet
electric discharge,discharge
electric doublet,electric dipole
electric eel,Electrophorus electric
electric eye,photoelectric cell
electric fan,blower
electric fire,electric heater
electric glow,corona discharge
electric healing,electrotherapy
electric heater,electric fire
electric light,light bulb
electric meter,power meter
electric organ,electronic organ
electric outlet,wall socket
electric pig,disposal
electric potential,potential
electric power,electrical power
electric ray,crampfish
electric razor,shaver
electric receptacle,wall socket
electric refrigerator,fridge
electric resistance,electrical resistance
electric sander,drum sander
electric shaver,shaver
electric shock,electrical shock
electric storm,thunderstorm
electric switch,switch
electric thermometer,thermoelectric thermometer
electrical capacity,capacitance
electrical circuit,circuit
electrical condenser,capacitor
electrical distributor,distributor
electrical elastance,elastance
electrical energy,electricity
electrical engineering,EE
electrical fuse,fuse
electrical healing,electrotherapy
electrical outlet,wall socket
electrical plant,electrical system
electrical power,electric power
electrical relay,relay
electrical resistance,electric resistance
electrical shock,electric shock
electrical shunt,shunt
electrical skin response,galvanic skin response
electrical storm,thunderstorm
electrical switch,switch
electrical system,electrical plant
electrician,lineman
electricity,electrical energy
electrocardiogram,cardiogram
electrocardiograph,cardiograph
electrocardiography,cardiography
electrochemical series,electromotive series
electroconvulsive therapy,electroshock
electrocution,burning
electrodermal response,galvanic skin response
electroencephalogram,encephalogram
electrolyte acid,battery acid
electrolytic capacitor,electrolytic
electrolytic condenser,electrolytic
electromagnetic radiation,electromagnetic wave
electromagnetic unit,emu
electromagnetic wave,electromagnetic radiation
electromagnetics,electromagnetism
electromagnetism,electromagnetics
electromotive drug administration,iontophoresis
electromotive force,voltage
electromotive force series,electromotive series
electromotive series,electromotive force series
electromyogram,EMG
electron,negatron
electron beam,beam
electron lens,lens
electron orbit,orbit
electron paramagnetic resonance,electron spin resonance
electron radiation,beta radiation
electron spin resonance,ESR
electron tube,tube
electron volt,eV
electronegativity,negativity
electronic bulletin board,bulletin board system
electronic computer,computer
electronic counter-countermeasures,ECCM
electronic countermeasures,ECM
electronic data processing,EDP
electronic database,on-line database
electronic dictionary,machine readable dictionary
electronic fetal monitor,electronic foetal monitor
electronic foetal monitor,electronic fetal monitor
electronic image,bitmap
electronic imitative deception,imitative electronic deception
electronic information service,electronic database
electronic instrument,electronic musical instrument
electronic jamming,jamming
electronic mail,e-mail
electronic manipulative deception,manipulative electronic deception
electronic messaging,messaging
electronic musical instrument,electronic instrument
electronic network,network
electronic organ,electric organ
electronic scanner,scanner
electronic simulative deception,simulative electronic deception
electronic stylus,light pen
electronic transistor,transistor
electronic warfare,EW
electronic warfare-support measures,ESM
electronics intelligence,ELINT
electrophoresis,cataphoresis
electrophorus electric,electric eel
electroshock,electroconvulsive therapy
electroshock therapy,electroconvulsive therapy
electrostatic bond,ionic bond
electrostatic generator,electrostatic machine
electrostatic machine,electrostatic generator
electrostatic precipitator,precipitator
electrotherapy,galvanism
electrovalent bond,ionic bond
elegant brodiaea,Brodiaea elegans
elegant cat's ears,star tulip
elegy,lament
element,component
element 104,rutherfordium
element 105,dubnium
element 106,seaborgium
element 107,bohrium
element 108,hassium
element 109,meitnerium
element 110,darmstadtium
element 111,roentgenium
element 112,ununbium
element 113,ununtrium
element 114,ununquadium
element 115,ununpentium
element 116,ununhexium
elementary geometry,parabolic geometry
elementary particle,fundamental particle
elementary school,grade school
elements,component
elemi,gum elemi
eleocharis acicularis,needle spike rush
eleocharis dulcis,water chestnut
eleocharis palustris,creeping spike rush
eleonora duse,Duse
eleostearic acid,elaeostearic acid
elephant's-foot,tortoise plant
elephant's ear,alocasia
elephant-tusk,common unicorn plant
elephant bird,aepyornis
elephant ear,alocasia
elephant seal,sea elephant
elephant tree,Bursera microphylla
elephant yam,pungapung
elephantiasis scroti,chyloderma
elephas maximus,Indian elephant
elettaria cardamomum,cardamom
eleusine coracana,finger millet
eleusine indica,yardgrass
eleuthera bark,cascarilla bark
elevated railroad,elevated railway
elevated railway,elevated railroad
elevation,lift
elevator,lift
elevator boy,elevator man
elevator car,car
elevator man,elevator boy
eleven-plus,11-plus
eleventh cranial nerve,accessory nerve
eleventh hour,last minute
elf,hob
eli whitney,Whitney
elia,Lamb
elia kazan,Kazan
elia kazanjoglous,Kazan
elias canetti,Canetti
elias howe,Howe
elicitation,evocation
elie metchnikoff,Metchnikoff
elie metchnikov,Metchnikoff
elie wiesel,Wiesel
eliel saarinen,Saarinen
eliezer wiesel,Wiesel
elihu thomson,Thomson
elihu yale,Yale
elijah muhammad,Muhammad
elimination,riddance
elinor morton hoyt wylie,Wylie
elint,electronics intelligence
elinvar,chrome-nickel steel
elisa,enzyme-linked-immunosorbent serologic assay
elisabeth vigee-lebrun,Vigee-Lebrun
elisabethville,Lubumbashi
elisha graves otis,Otis
elision,exception
elite group,elite
elixir,philosopher's stone
elixophyllin,theophylline
elizabeth barrett browning,Browning
elizabeth cady stanton,Stanton
elizabeth cleghorn stevenson gaskell,Gaskell
elizabeth cochrane seaman,Seaman
elizabeth gaskell,Gaskell
elizabeth haldane,Haldane
elizabeth i,Elizabeth
elizabeth ii,Elizabeth
elizabeth merriwether gilmer,Gilmer
elizabeth palmer peabody,Peabody
elizabeth peabody,Peabody
elizabeth sanderson haldane,Haldane
elizabeth seaman,Seaman
elizabeth seton,Seton
elizabeth taylor,Taylor
elizabethan sonnet,Shakespearean sonnet
elk,European elk
elk-wood,umbrella tree
elk nut,buffalo nut
elkhorn fern,common staghorn fern
elkhound,Norwegian elkhound
elkwood,umbrella tree
ella fitzgerald,Fitzgerald
ellas,Greece
ellen price wood,Wood
ellice islands,Tuvalu
ellipse,oval
ellipsis,eclipsis
ellipsoid of revolution,spheroid
elliptic geometry,Riemannian geometry
ellipticity,oblateness
ellul,Elul
elm,elm tree
elm family,Ulmaceae
elm tree,elm
elmer ambrose sperry,Sperry
elmer leopold rice,Rice
elmer reizenstein,Rice
elmer rice,Rice
elmore john leonard,Leonard
elmore leonard,Leonard
elmwood,elm
eln,National Liberation Army
elodea canadensis,Canadian pondweed
elodea densa,dense-leaved elodea
elongate leaf,linear leaf
elongation,extension
elops saurus,ladyfish
eloquence,fluency
elsa schiaparelli,Schiaparelli
elsass,Alsace
elspar,asparaginase
elucidation,clarification
eluding,slip
elusion,slip
elves,elf
elvis,acid
elvis aron presley,Presley
elvis presley,Presley
elwyn brooks white,White
ely culbertson,Culbertson
elymus arenarius,sea lyme grass
elymus canadensis,Canada wild rye
elymus caput-medusae,medusa's head
elymus condensatus,giant ryegrass
elymus hispidus,intermediate wheatgrass
elymus trachycaulos,slender wheatgrass
elysian fields,Elysium
elytron,wing case
em,em quad
em quad,em
emaciation,bonyness
email,electronic mail
emanation,emission
emancipationist,abolitionist
emancipator,manumitter
emanuel svedberg,Swedenborg
emanuel swedenborg,Swedenborg
emasculation,castration
embargo,trade embargo
embarkation,boarding
embarkment,boarding
embarrassment,overplus
embassador,ambassador
embayment,bay
embellishment,embroidery
ember,coal
emberiza aureola,yellow-breasted bunting
emberiza citrinella,yellowhammer
emberiza hortulana,ortolan
emberiza schoeniclus,reed bunting
embezzlement,peculation
embezzler,defalcator
embiodea,Embioptera
emblem,allegory
embodiment,incarnation
embolism,intercalation
embossment,imprint
embothrium coccineum,Chilean firebush
embouchure,mouthpiece
embrace,embracing
embracement,embrace
embracing,embrace
embrasure,port
embrocation,liniment
embroidery,embellishment
embroidery frame,tambour
embroidery hoop,tambour
embroidery needle,darning needle
embroidery stitch,sewing stitch
embroilment,imbroglio
embryo,conceptus
embryoma of the kidney,Wilms' tumor
embryonal carcinosarcoma,blastoma
embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma,embryonal rhabdosarcoma
embryonal rhabdosarcoma,embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma
embryonic cell,formative cell
embryonic membrane,caul
emcee,master of ceremonies
emda,iontophoresis
emeer,emir
emerald creeper,jade vine
emerald isle,Ireland
emerald shiner,Notropis atherinoides
emergence,outgrowth
emergency,exigency
emergency brake,hand brake
emergency exit,fire escape
emergency landing,forced landing
emergency room,ER
emersion,egress
emery paper,sandpaper
emery rock,emery stone
emery stone,emery rock
emery wheel,grinding wheel
emeside,ethosuximide
emesis,vomit
emetic,vomit
emf,voltage
emg,electromyogram
emigrant,emigre
emigration,out-migration
emigre,emigrant
emigree,emigrant
emil hermann fischer,Fischer
emil klaus julius fuchs,Fuchs
emile coue,Coue
emile durkheim,Durkheim
emile gaboriau,Gaboriau
emile herzog,Maurois
emile zola,Zola
emilia coccinea,tassel flower
emilia flammea,tassel flower
emilia javanica,tassel flower
emilia sagitta,tassel flower
emiliano zapata,Zapata
emilie charlotte le breton,Langtry
emily bronte,Bronte
emily dickinson,Dickinson
emily jane bronte,Bronte
emily post,Post
emily price post,Post
eminence,distinction
emir,amir
emissary,envoy
emissary vein,vena emissaria
emission,emanation
emma goldman,Goldman
emma hart willard,Willard
emmanthe penduliflora,yellow bells
emmental,Emmenthal
emmentaler,Emmenthal
emmenthaler,Emmenthal
emmer,starch wheat
emmet,ant
emmett kelly,Kelly
emmy noether,Noether
emotional disorder,affective disorder
emotional disturbance,affective disorder
emotional state,spirit
emotionalism,emotionality
emotionality,emotionalism
emotionlessness,impassivity
empennage,tail
emperor,emperor moth
emperor butterfly,emperor
emperor francis ii,Francis II
emperor moth,emperor
emperor napoleon iii,Napoleon III
emperor of rome,Roman Emperor
emperor penguin,Aptenodytes forsteri
emphasis,accent
emphasizing,accenting
emphysema,pulmonary emphysema
emphysematous gangrene,gas gangrene
emphysematous phlegmon,gas gangrene
empire,imperium
empire day,Commonwealth Day
empire state,New York
empire state of the south,Georgia
empiricism,empiricist philosophy
empiricist philosophy,empiricism
empirin,aspirin
emplacement,placement
employ,employment
employee-owned business,employee-owned enterprise
employee-owned enterprise,employee-owned business
employee stock ownership plan,ESOP
employee turnover,turnover rate
employment,employ
employment agency,employment office
employment agreement,employment contract
employment contract,employment agreement
employment interview,job interview
employment office,employment agency
emporium,department store
empowerment,authorization
emptiness,void
emptor,buyer
empty talk,palaver
empty tomb,cenotaph
empty words,palaver
emptying,voidance
emu,electromagnetic unit
emu novaehollandiae,emu
emulator,copycat
emulsion,photographic emulsion
en,nut
en-lil,Enlil
enabling act,enabling clause
enabling clause,enabling act
enactment,passage
enalapril,Vasotec
enamel,tooth enamel
enamoredness,amorousness
enanthem,enanthema
enanthema,enanthem
enantiomer,enantiomorph
enantiomorph,enantiomer
enantiomorphism,mirror-image relation
enarthrodial joint,ball-and-socket joint
enarthrosis,ball-and-socket joint
enation,matrilineage
enbrel,etanercept
encainide,Enkaid
encampment,campsite
encasement,incasement
encelia farinosa,brittlebush
enceliopsis nudicaulis,sunray
encephalartos caffer,kaffir bread
encephalitis,cephalitis
encephalitis lethargica,sleeping sickness
encephalogram,electroencephalogram
encephalomeningitis,meningoencephalitis
encephalon,brain
encephalopathy,brain disorder
enchantment,captivation
enchantress,temptress
enchiridion,handbook
encirclement,blockade
enclosed space,cavity
enclosing,enclosure
enclosure,enclosing
encoding,encryption
encomium,eulogy
encounter,brush
encouragement,boost
encroacher,invader
encroachment,invasion
encrustation,incrustation
encryption,encoding
enculturation,socialization
encumbrance,burden
encyclia citrina,tulip orchid
encyclia tampensis,butterfly orchid
encyclia venosa,butterfly orchid
encyclical letter,encyclical
encyclopaedia,encyclopedia
encyclopaedism,eruditeness
encyclopaedist,encyclopedist
encyclopedia,cyclopedia
encyclopedism,eruditeness
encyclopedist,encyclopaedist
end,terminal
end-plate,endplate
end game,endgame
end man,corner man
end matter,back matter
end of the world,Judgment Day
end point,endpoint
end product,output
end run,sweep
endaemonism,eudemonism
endangerment,hazard
endeavor,enterprise
endeavour,enterprise
endemic disease,endemic
endemic typhus,murine typhus
endemism,indigenousness
endgame,end game
endicott,Endecott
ending,termination
endive,witloof
endoblast,endoderm
endocarp,stone
endocrine gland,endocrine
endoderm,entoderm
endodontia,endodontics
endodontics,endodontia
endogamy,intermarriage
endogen,monocot
endometrial cancer,endometrial carcinoma
endometrial carcinoma,endometrial cancer
endometriosis,adenomyosis
endometritis,metritis
endomorphy,pyknic type
endoparasite,entoparasite
endoprocta,Entoprocta
endorsement,indorsement
endorsement in blank,blank endorsement
endorser,subscriber
endothelial myeloma,Ewing's sarcoma
endowment,gift
endowment fund,endowment
endplate,end-plate
endpoint,end point
endurance,survival
endurance contest,marathon
enduringness,lastingness
ene,east northeast
enea silvio piccolomini,Pius II
enema,clyster
enemy,foe
energid,protoplast
energiser,energizer
energizer,energiser
energy,free energy
energy department,Department of Energy
energy level,energy state
energy of activation,activation energy
energy secretary,Secretary of Energy
energy state,energy level
energy unit,work unit
enervation,debilitation
enfeeblement,debilitation
enfilade,enfilade fire
enfilade fire,enfilade
enflurane,Ethrane
enfolding,involution
enforcer,hatchet man
enfranchisement,franchise
engagement,battle
engelbert humperdinck,Humperdinck
engelmann's spruce,Engelmann spruce
engine,locomotive
engine block,cylinder block
engine cooling system,cooling system
engine driver,engineer
engine room,engineering
engineer,applied scientist
engineering,technology
engineering school,polytechnic institute
engineering science,engineering
english-gothic,perpendicular
english-gothic architecture,perpendicular
english-weed,Bermuda buttercup
english bean,broad bean
english breakfast tea,congou
english bulldog,bulldog
english cavalry saddle,English saddle
english cocker spaniel,cocker spaniel
english daisy,common daisy
english hippocrates,Sydenham
english ivy,ivy
english language,English
english oak,common oak
english people,English
english professor,English teacher
english runner bean,scarlet runner
english ryegrass,perennial ryegrass
english sole,lemon sole
english sonnet,Shakespearean sonnet
english springer spaniel,English springer
english system,British Imperial System
english violet,sweet violet
english walnut tree,English walnut
english yew,Old World yew
engram,memory trace
engraulis encrasicholus,mediterranean anchovy
engraving,etching
engrossment,concentration
enhancement,sweetening
enhancer,foil
enhydra lutris,sea otter
enigma,mystery
enigma canon,enigmatic canon
enigmatic canon,enigma canon
enigmatical canon,enigma canon
enjambement,enjambment
enjambment,enjambement
enjoining,injunction
enjoinment,injunction
enjoyment,delectation
enkaid,encainide
enl,erythema nodosum leprosum
enlarged heart,cardiomegaly
enlargement,expansion
enlightenment,nirvana
enlisted officer,noncommissioned officer
enlistee,recruit
enlisting,recruitment
enlistment,hitch
enlivener,quickener
enmity,hostility
ennead,nine
ennui,boredom
enologist,oenologist
enology,oenology
enophile,oenophile
enormity,outrageousness
enormousness,grandness
enquirer,inquirer
enquiry,question
enragement,infuriation
enrico caruso,Caruso
enrico fermi,Fermi
enrollment,registration
enrolment,registration
ensemble,supporting players
ensete ventricosum,Abyssinian banana
ensign,national flag
ensilage,silage
enslavement,captivity
entailment,deduction
entandrophragma cylindricum,African scented mahogany
entanglement,web
entellus,hanuman
entente,entente cordiale
entente cordiale,entente
enteric bacteria,enterobacteria
enteric fever,typhoid
enterics,enteric bacteria
entering,entrance
enterobacteria,enteric bacteria
enterobius vermicularis,pinworm
enteroceptor,interoceptor
enterolobium cyclocarpa,conacaste
enterostomy,enterotomy
enterotomy,enterostomy
enterprise,endeavor
enterpriser,entrepreneur
enterprisingness,enterprise
entertainment,amusement
entertainment industry,show business
enthalpy,heat content
enthrallment,captivation
enthronement,coronation
enthronisation,coronation
enthronization,coronation
enthusiasm,exuberance
enthusiast,partisan
enticement,temptation
entireness,entirety
entirety,entireness
entoblast,endoderm
entoderm,endoderm
entoloma sinuatum,Entoloma lividum
entombment,burial
entomologist,bugologist
entomology,bugology
entoparasite,endoparasite
entourage,cortege
entozoon,endoparasite
entr'acte,interlude
entrails,viscera
entrance,entranceway
entrance exam,entrance examination
entrance examination,entrance exam
entrance fee,admission
entrance hall,anteroom
entrance money,entrance fee
entrancement,ravishment
entranceway,entrance
entrant,newcomer
entreaty,prayer
entree,main course
entremets,side dish
entrenching tool,trenching spade
entrenchment,intrenchment
entrepot,transshipment center
entrepreneur,enterpriser
entresol,mezzanine
entric,enteric bacteria
entropy,information
entry,introduction
entry word,citation form
entryway,entrance
entsi,Enets
entsy,Enets
enuki,Anunnaki
enumeration,numbering
enumerator,census taker
enunciation,diction
enuresis,urinary incontinence
envelope,gasbag
envelopment,enclosure
enviousness,envy
environment,environs
environmental science,ecology
environmentalist,conservationist
environs,environment
envisioning,picturing
envoi,envoy
envoy,envoy extraordinary
envoy extraordinary,envoy
envy,enviousness
enzyme-linked-immunosorbent serologic assay,ELISA
eocene epoch,Eocene
eohippus,dawn horse
eolian,Aeolian
eolic,Aeolic
eon,aeon
eosin,bromeosin
eosinophil,eosinophile
eosinophile,eosinophil
epa,Environmental Protection Agency
epacris family,Epacridaceae
epacris impressa,common heath
epacris obtusifolia,common heath
epacris purpurascens,Port Jackson heath
epanaphora,anaphora
eparchy,exarchate
epaulet,epaulette
epaulette,epaulet
epha,ephah
ephah,epha
ephedra,joint fir
ephedra sinica,mahuang
ephemera,ephemeron
ephemerality,ephemeralness
ephemeralness,ephemerality
ephemerid,ephemeropteran
ephemerida,Ephemeroptera
ephemeris time,terrestrial time
ephemeron,ephemeral
ephemeropteran,ephemerid
ephesians,Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Ephesians
ephestia elutella,tobacco moth
ephippiorhynchus senegalensis,saddlebill
epi,Eysenck Personality Inventory
epic poem,heroic poem
epic poetry,heroic poetry
epicalyx,false calyx
epicanthic fold,epicanthus
epicanthus,epicanthic fold
epicardia,epicardium
epicardium,visceral pericardium
epicarp,exocarp
epicene person,hermaphrodite
epicenter,epicentre
epicentre,epicenter
epicure,gourmet
epicyclic gear,planetary gear
epicyclic gear train,epicyclic train
epicyclic train,epicyclic gear train
epidemic cholera,cholera
epidemic encephalitis,sleeping sickness
epidemic hysertia,mass hysteria
epidemic meningitis,cerebrospinal meningitis
epidemic myalgia,epidemic pleurodynia
epidemic parotitis,mumps
epidemic pleurodynia,epidemic myalgia
epidemic roseola,German measles
epidendrum tampense,butterfly orchid
epidendrum venosum,butterfly orchid
epidermis,cuticle
epidural anaesthesia,epidural anesthesia
epidural anesthesia,epidural anaesthesia
epigaea repens,trailing arbutus
epigastric artery,arteria epigastrica
epigastric fossa,pit of the stomach
epigon,epigone
epigone,epigon
epigram,quip
epilachna varivestis,Mexican bean beetle
epilation,depilation
epilator,depilatory
epilepsia major,grand mal epilepsy
epilepsia minor,petit mal epilepsy
epilobium angustifolium,fireweed
epilobium canum canum,California fuchsia
epilobium hirsutum,hairy willowherb
epilog,epilogue
epilogue,epilog
epimedium grandiflorum,barrenwort
epinephelus adscensionis,rock hind
epinephelus fulvus,coney
epinephrin,epinephrine
epinephrine,epinephrin
epipactis gigantea,stream orchid
epipaleolithic,Mesolithic Age
epiphany of our lord,Epiphany
epiphora,epistrophe
epiphyllum,orchid cactus
epiphysis,pineal gland
epiphysis cerebri,pineal gland
epiphyte,air plant
epiphytic plant,air plant
epipremnum aureum,golden pothos
episcia dianthiflora,lace-flower vine
episcleral veins,venae episclerales
episcopacy,episcopate
episcopal church of scotland,Episcopal Church
episcopate,diocese
episode,installment
episodic memory,personal memory
episperm,testa
epistasis,hypostasis
epistaxis,nosebleed
epistle of jeremiah,Letter of Jeremiah
epistle to philemon,Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Philemon
epistle to the colossians,Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Colossians
epistle to the ephesians,Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Ephesians
epistle to the galatians,Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Galatians
epistle to the philippians,Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Philippians
epistle to the romans,Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Romans
epistle to titus,Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Titus
epistrophe,epiphora
epithelial duct,duct
epithelial tissue,epithelium
epithelium,epithelial tissue
epithet,name
epitome,prototype
epitope,antigenic determinant
epitrochoidal engine,Wankel engine
epizoon,ectoparasite
epoch,era
epos,epic poem
epoxy,epoxy resin
epoxy glue,epoxy
epoxy resin,epoxy
eprom,erasable programmable read-only memory
epsilon toxin,Clostridium perfringens epsilon toxin
eptesicus fuscus,big brown bat
eptesicus serotinus,serotine
eq,equivalent
equador laurel,Spanish elm
equal-area map projection,equal-area projection
equal-area projection,equal-area map projection
equalisation,equalization
equaliser,equalizer
equalitarian,egalitarian
equalitarianism,egalitarianism
equality,equivalence
equality state,Wyoming
equalization,equalisation
equalizer,equaliser
equanil,meprobamate
equanimity,composure
equating,equation
equation,equality
equetus lanceolatus,jackknife-fish
equetus pulcher,striped drum
equiangular triangle,equilateral triangle
equid,equine
equilateral triangle,equiangular triangle
equilibrium,chemical equilibrium
equilibrium law,law of chemical equilibrium
equine distemper,strangles
equine encephalitis,equine encephalomyelitis
equine encephalomyelitis,equine encephalitis
equinoctial circle,celestial equator
equinoctial line,celestial equator
equinoctial point,equinox
equinoctial storm,line storm
equinoctial year,solar year
equinox,equinoctial point
equipage,materiel
equipment casualty,damage
equipment failure,breakdown
equipoise,balance
equipping,arming
equisetatae,Sphenopsida
equisetum arvense,common horsetail
equisetum fluviatile,swamp horsetail
equisetum hyemale,scouring rush
equisetum hyemale robustum,scouring rush
equisetum palustre,marsh horsetail
equisetum robustum,scouring rush
equisetum sylvaticum,wood horsetail
equisetum variegatum,variegated horsetail
equitation,riding
equity,fairness
equity credit line,home loan
equivalence,equality
equivalent weight,equivalent
equivalent word,synonym
equivocalness,ambiguity
equivocation,evasion
equivocator,hedger
equus asinus,African wild ass
equus burchelli,common zebra
equus caballus,horse
equus caballus gomelini,tarpan
equus caballus przevalskii,Przewalski's horse
equus caballus przewalskii,Przewalski's horse
equus grevyi,grevy's zebra
equus hemionus,onager
equus hemionus hemionus,chigetai
equus kiang,kiang
equus quagga,quagga
equus zebra zebra,mountain zebra
er,erbium
era,epoch
eradication,obliteration
eradicator,exterminator
eragrostic abyssinica,teff
eragrostis curvula,weeping love grass
eragrostis tef,teff
eranthis hyemalis,winter aconite
erasable programmable read-only memory,EPROM
erasure,expunction
erb-duchenne paralysis,Erb's palsy
erbium,Er
erechtites hieracifolia,fireweed
erect bugle,blue bugle
erectile dysfunction,male erecticle dysfunction
erecting,erection
erection,hard-on
erectness,uprightness
eresh-kigal,Ereshkigal
ereshkigel,Ereshkigal
erethizon dorsatum,Canada porcupine
eretmochelys imbricata,hawksbill turtle
ergocalciferol,vitamin D
ergometer,dynamometer
ergonomics,biotechnology
ergonovine,Ergotrate Maleate
ergot,Claviceps purpurea
ergotrate maleate,ergonovine
ergun he,Argun
erianthus ravennae,Ravenna grass
eric arthur blair,Orwell
eric blair,Orwell
erica,true heath
erica arborea,tree heath
erica carnea,winter heath
erica cinerea,bell heather
erica jong,Jong
erica lusitanica,Spanish heath
erica perspicua,Prince-of-Wales'-heath
erica tetralix,cross-leaved heath
erica vagans,Cornish heath
erich mendelsohn,Mendelsohn
erich von stroheim,Stroheim
erigeron acer,blue fleabane
erigeron annuus,daisy fleabane
erigeron aurantiacus,orange daisy
erigeron canadensis,horseweed
erigeron divergens,spreading fleabane
erigeron glaucous,seaside daisy
erigeron philadelphicus,Philadelphia fleabane
erigeron pulchellus,robin's plantain
erigeron speciosus,showy daisy
erignathus barbatus,bearded seal
erigonum fasciculatum,wild buckwheat
erik adolf von willebrand,Willebrand
erik alfred leslie satie,Satie
erik axel karlfeldt,Karlfeldt
erik satie,Satie
erik von willebrand,Willebrand
erik weisz,Houdini
erinaceus europaeus,hedgehog
erinaceus europeaeus,hedgehog
eringo,eryngo
erinyes,Fury
eriobotrya japonica,loquat
eriocaulon aquaticum,pipewort
eriodictyon californicum,yerba santa
eriogonum allenii,umbrella plant
eriophorum angustifolium,common cotton grass
eriophyllum lanatum,golden yarrow
eriophyllum wallacei,woolly daisy
eriosoma lanigerum,woolly apple aphid
erithacus rubecola,robin
erithacus svecicus,bluethroat
erivan,Yerevan
erle stanley gardner,Gardner
ermine,shorttail weasel
ern,erne
erne,ern
ernest bevin,Bevin
ernest bloch,Bloch
ernest hemingway,Hemingway
ernest orlando lawrence,Lawrence
ernest rutherford,Rutherford
ernest solvay,Solvay
ernest thomas sinton walton,Walton
ernest walton,Walton
ernestine schumann-heink,Schumann-Heink
ernesto guevara,Guevara
ernst boris chain,Chain
ernst cassirer,Cassirer
ernst heinrich haeckel,Haeckel
ernst heinrich weber,Weber
ernst lubitsch,Lubitsch
ernst ludwig kirchner,Kirchner
ernst mach,Mach
ernst theodor amadeus hoffmann,Hoffmann
ernst theodor wilhelm hoffmann,Hoffmann
ernst werner von siemens,Siemens
eroding,erosion
erodium cicutarium,redstem storksbill
erodium moschatum,musk clover
erodium texanum,Texas storksbill
erolia alpina,red-backed sandpiper
erolia minutilla,least sandpiper
erosion,eroding
erotic love,love
erotica,pornography
eroticism,erotism
erotism,eroticism
errand boy,messenger boy
erratum,misprint
erroneous belief,error
erroneousness,error
error,mistake
error correction code,ECC
erse,Gaelic
erskine caldwell,Caldwell
erskine preston caldwell,Caldwell
ert,Earth-received time
eruca sativa,rocket
eruca vesicaria sativa,rocket
eructation,eruption
eruditeness,erudition
erudition,eruditeness
eruption,volcanic eruption
erwin panofsky,Panofsky
erwin rommel,Rommel
erwin schrodinger,Schrodinger
eryngium aquaticum,button snakeroot
eryngium maritimum,sea holly
eryngium yuccifolium,rattlesnake master
eryngo,eringo
erysimum allionii,Siberian wall flower
erysimum arkansanum,western wall flower
erysimum asperum,western wall flower
erysimum cheiranthoides,wormseed mustard
erysimum cheiri,wallflower
erythema nodosum leprosum,ENL
erythema solare,sunburn
erythrina,coral tree
erythrina caffra,kaffir boom
erythrina corallodendrum,coral bean tree
erythrina crista-galli,ceibo
erythrina indica,Indian coral tree
erythrina lysistemon,kaffir boom
erythrina variegata,Indian coral tree
erythrina vespertilio,cork tree
erythrite,cobalt bloom
erythrocebus patas,patas
erythrocin,erythromycin
erythrocyte,red blood cell
erythrocyte sedimentation rate,ESR
erythrocytolysin,hemolysin
erythrolysin,hemolysin
erythromycin,Erythrocin
erythronium albidum,white dogtooth violet
erythronium americanum,yellow adder's tongue
erythronium californicum,fawn lily
erythronium dens-canis,European dogtooth
erythronium grandiflorum,glacier lily
erythronium montanum,avalanche lily
erythroxylum,Erythroxylon
es,einsteinium
escalator,escalator clause
escalator clause,escalator
escallop,scallop
escapade,adventure
escape,flight
escape cock,safety valve
escape expert,escapologist
escape valve,safety valve
escapism,escape
escapist,dreamer
escapologist,escape expert
escargot,snail
escarole,chicory escarole
escarp,escarpment
escarpment,scarp
eschalot,shallot
eschaton,Judgment Day
eschrichtius gibbosus,grey whale
eschrichtius robustus,grey whale
eschscholtzia californica,California poppy
escolar,Lepidocybium flavobrunneum
escort,bodyguard
escritoire,secretary
escudo,Portuguese escudo
escutcheon,finger plate
ese,east southeast
esfahan,Isfahan
esidrix,hydrochlorothiazide
eskalith,lithium carbonate
eskimo-aleut language,Eskimo-Aleut
esm,electronic warfare-support measures
esme stuart lennox robinson,Robinson
esmolol,Brevibloc
esop,employee stock ownership plan
esophageal reflux,gastroesophageal reflux
esophageal veins,oesophageal veins
esophagitis,oesophagitis
esophagogastric junction,oesophagogastric junction
esophagoscope,oesophagoscope
esophagus,oesophagus
esotropia,cross-eye
esox americanus,redfin pickerel
esox lucius,northern pike
esox masquinongy,muskellunge
esox niger,chain pickerel
esp,clairvoyance
espana,Spain
esparcet,sainfoin
espial,detection
espousal,bridal
esprit de corps,morale
esq,Esquire
esquimau,Eskimo
esr,erythrocyte sedimentation rate
essayer,trier
essayist,litterateur
essence,kernel
essential condition,sine qua non
essential hypertension,hyperpiesia
essential oil,volatile oil
essentiality,essentialness
essentialness,essentiality
essonite,cinnamon stone
est,Eastern Time
establishment,constitution
establishmentarianism,establishmentism
establishmentism,establishmentarianism
estate,land
estate agent,real estate broker
estate car,beach wagon
estate for life,life estate
estate of the realm,estate
estate tax,inheritance tax
estazolam,ProSom
esteem,regard
esther hobart mcquigg slack morris,Morris
esther morris,Morris
esthesia,sensibility
esthesis,sensation
esthete,aesthete
esthetician,aesthetician
esthetics,aesthetics
esthonia,Estonia
esthonian,Estonian
estimate,estimation
estimated tax return,declaration of estimated tax
estimation,appraisal
estimator,calculator
estivation,aestivation
estradiol,oestradiol
estragon,tarragon
estrangement,alienation
estraterrestrial body,extraterrestrial object
estriol,oestriol
estrogen,oestrogen
estrogen antagonist,tamoxifen
estrone,oestrone
estronol,estrone
estrus,oestrus
esurience,edacity
eta,Basque Homeland and Freedom
etamin,etamine
etamine,etamin
etanercept,Enbrel
etching,engraving
etd,explosive trace detection
eternal city,Rome
eternal damnation,damnation
eternal life,life eternal
eternal rest,rest
eternal sleep,rest
eternity,infinity
etf,exchange traded fund
ethacrynic acid,Edecrin
ethan allen,Allen
ethanal,acetaldehyde
ethanal trimer,paraldehyde
ethanamide,acetamide
ethane,C2H6
ethanedioic acid,oxalic acid
ethanediol,ethylene glycol
ethanoate,acetate
ethanoic acid,acetic acid
ethanol,ethyl alcohol
ethanoyl chloride,acetyl chloride
ethanoyl group,acetyl
ethanoyl radical,acetyl
ethchlorvynol,Placidyl
ethel barrymore,Barrymore
ethel merman,Merman
ethel waters,Waters
ethelred i,Ethelred
ethelred ii,Ethelred
ethelred the unready,Ethelred
ethene,ethylene
ether,quintessence
ethic,moral principle
ethical code,ethic
ethical drug,prescription drug
ethical motive,ethics
ethician,ethicist
ethicist,ethician
ethics,ethical motive
ethics committee,ethics panel
ethics panel,ethics committee
ethiopian banana,Abyssinian banana
ethiopian language,Amharic
ethmoid,ethmoid bone
ethmoid bone,ethmoid
ethmoid sinus,ethmoidal sinus
ethmoidal artery,arteria ethmoidalis
ethmoidal sinus,ethmoid sinus
ethmoidal vein,vena ethmoidalis
ethnic group,ethnos
ethnic music,folk music
ethnography,descriptive anthropology
ethnos,ethnic group
ethocaine,procaine
ethosuximide,Emeside
ethoxyethane,ether
ethrane,enflurane
ethril,erythromycin
ethyl,ethyl group
ethyl alcohol,ethanol
ethyl aminobenzoate,benzocaine
ethyl ether,ether
ethyl group,ethyl
ethyl radical,ethyl
ethylene,ethene
ethylene glycol,glycol
ethylene tetrachloride,tetrachlorethylene
ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid,EDTA
ethyne,acetylene
etienne-louis arthur fallot,Fallot
etiologist,aetiologist
etiology,aetiology
etodolac,Lodine
etropus rimosus,grey flounder
etymologizing,deriving
etymon,root
eu,europium
euarctos americanus,American black bear
eubacteria,eubacterium
eubacterium,eubacteria
eubstance,consistency
eucalypt,eucalyptus
eucalypt grandis,rose gum
eucalypt gunnii,cider gum
eucalypt ovata,swamp gum
eucalypt tereticornis,forest red gum
eucalyptus,eucalypt
eucalyptus amygdalina,red gum
eucalyptus calophylla,red gum
eucalyptus camaldulensis,river red gum
eucalyptus camphora,mountain swamp gum
eucalyptus citriodora,lemon-scented gum
eucalyptus coriacea,snow gum
eucalyptus delegatensis,alpine ash
eucalyptus dumosa,white mallee
eucalyptus fraxinoides,white mountain ash
eucalyptus globulus,blue gum
eucalyptus gum,eucalyptus kino
eucalyptus kino,eucalyptus gum
eucalyptus maculata,spotted gum
eucalyptus maculata citriodora,lemon-scented gum
eucalyptus pauciflora,snow gum
eucalyptus regnans,mountain ash
eucalyptus rostrata,river red gum
eucalyptus tree,eucalyptus
eucalyptus viminalis,manna gum
eucalyptusd eugenioides,white stringybark
eucalytus stellulata,black mallee
eucarya acuminata,quandong
eucaryote,eukaryote
eucharist,Holy Eucharist
eucharistic liturgy,Holy Eucharist
euchre,five hundred
eucinostomus gula,silver jenny
euclid's postulate,Euclid's axiom
euclidean axiom,Euclid's axiom
euclidean geometry,elementary geometry
eudaemon,eudemon
eudaemonia,wellbeing
eudaimonia,wellbeing
eudemon,eudaemon
eudemonism,endaemonism
euderma maculata,jackass bat
eudora welty,Welty
eudromias morinellus,dotterel
eugene curran kelly,Kelly
eugene delacroix,Delacroix
eugene gladstone o'neill,O'Neill
eugene ionesco,Ionesco
eugene luther vidal,Vidal
eugene o'neill,O'Neill
eugene ormandy,Ormandy
eugene paul wigner,Wigner
eugene sue,Sue
eugene v. debs,Debs
eugene victor debs,Debs
eugene wigner,Wigner
eugenia aromaticum,clove
eugenia caryophyllatum,clove
eugenia corynantha,sour cherry
eugenia dicrana,nakedwood
eugenia jambos,rose apple
eugenia uniflora,Surinam cherry
eugenio pacelli,Pius XII
euglenid,euglenoid
euglenoid,euglenophyte
euglenophyte,euglenoid
eukaryote,eucaryote
eulogist,panegyrist
eulogium,eulogy
eulogy,eulogium
eumeces callicephalus,mountain skink
eumeces skiltonianus,western skink
eumenides,Fury
eumetopias jubatus,Steller sea lion
eunectes murinus,anaconda
eunuch,castrate
eunuchoidism,male hypogonadism
euonymous alatus,winged spindle tree
euonymus americanus,strawberry bush
euonymus atropurpureus,wahoo
euonymus europaeus,common spindle tree
euonymus fortunei radicans,evergreen bittersweet
euonymus radicans vegetus,evergreen bittersweet
eupatorium aya-pana,ayapana
eupatorium cannabinum,hemp agrimony
eupatorium capillifolium,dog fennel
eupatorium coelestinum,mistflower
eupatorium maculatum,Joe-Pye weed
eupatorium perfoliatum,boneset
eupatorium purpureum,Joe-Pye weed
eupatorium rugosum,white snakeroot
euphagus carilonus,rusty blackbird
euphony,music
euphorbia amygdaloides,wood spurge
euphorbia antisyphilitica,candelilla
euphorbia caput-medusae,medusa's head
euphorbia corollata,wild spurge
euphorbia cyathophora,fire-on-the-mountain
euphorbia cyparissias,cypress spurge
euphorbia dentata,toothed spurge
euphorbia esula,leafy spurge
euphorbia exigua,dwarf spurge
euphorbia fulgens,scarlet plume
euphorbia helioscopia,sun spurge
euphorbia heterophylla,Japanese poinsettia
euphorbia hirsuta,hairy spurge
euphorbia ingens,naboom
euphorbia lathyris,caper spurge
euphorbia litchi,longan
euphorbia marginata,snow-on-the-mountain
euphorbia medusae,medusa's head
euphorbia milii,crown of thorns
euphorbia peplus,petty spurge
euphorbia pulcherrima,poinsettia
euphorbium,gum eurphorbium
euphoria,euphory
euphory,euphoria
euphractus sexcinctus,peludo
euphrates river,Euphrates
eupnea,eupnoea
eupnoea,eupnea
euproctis chrysorrhoea,gold-tail moth
euproctis phaeorrhoea,browntail
eureka,constantan
eurhythmics,eurythmy
eurhythmy,eurythmy
euronithopod,Euronithopoda
european barberry,common barberry
european bean,broad bean
european beech,common beech
european bird cherry,hagberry tree
european black alder,common alder
european black currant,black currant
european blackbird,blackbird
european blueberry,bilberry
european box,common box
european brooklime,brooklime
european brown bat,serotine
european community,European Union
european corn borer moth,corn borer
european cranberry bush,guelder rose
european cranberrybush,guelder rose
european dune grass,sea lyme grass
european economic community,European Union
european elder,bourtree
european elk,elk
european elm,English elm
european field elm,smooth-leaved elm
european honeysuckle,European fly honeysuckle
european hop,common hop
european law enforcement organisation,Europol
european mountain ash,rowan
european nation,European country
european nightjar,European goatsucker
european nut pine,stone pine
european olive tree,olive
european quaking aspen,quaking aspen
european raspberry,wild raspberry
european recovery program,Marshall Plan
european sea eagle,ern
european white birch,silver birch
europeanisation,Europeanization
europium,Eu
eurythmics,eurythmy
eurythmy,eurhythmy
eusebius hieronymus,Jerome
eusebius of caesarea,Eusebius
eusebius sophronius hieronymus,Jerome
euskadi ta askatasuna,Basque Homeland and Freedom
eustoma grandiflorum,prairie gentian
eutamius asiaticus,baronduki
eutamius sibiricus,baronduki
euterpe oleracea,cabbage palm
euthanasia,mercy killing
eutherian mammal,placental
euthynnus pelamis,skipjack
euxine sea,Black Sea
ev,electron volt
eva braun,Braun
eva le gallienne,Le Gallienne
evacuation,emptying
evaluation,rating
evaluator,judge
evangel,Gospel
evangelist,revivalist
evangelista torricelli,Torricelli
evaporation,vaporization
evaporometer,atmometer
evariste galois,Galois
evasion,equivocation
evasive action,maneuver
evasiveness,equivocation
evelyn arthur saint john waugh,Waugh
evelyn waugh,Waugh
even-pinnate leaf,abruptly-pinnate leaf
even-toed ungulate,artiodactyl
even chance,tossup
evenfall,twilight
evening,eve
evening-primrose family,Onagraceae
evening-snow,Linanthus dichotomus
evening clothes,formalwear
evening dress,formalwear
evening gown,dinner dress
evening grosbeak,Hesperiphona vespertina
evening lychnis,white campion
evening shift,swing shift
evening shirt,dress shirt
evening star,Hesperus
evening trumpet flower,yellow jasmine
eveningwear,formalwear
evenk,Tungus
evenness,invariability
evensong,vespers
event,case
eventide,evening
eventuality,contingency
everglade state,Florida
evergreen beech,southern beech
evergreen bittersweet,Euonymus fortunei radicans
evergreen blueberry,Vaccinium myrsinites
evergreen cherry,holly-leaved cherry
evergreen grass,tall oat grass
evergreen huckleberry,Vaccinium ovatum
evergreen magnolia,southern magnolia
evergreen millet,Johnson grass
evergreen oak,holm oak
evergreen plant,evergreen
evergreen state,Washington
evergreen thorn,Crataegus oxyacantha
evergreen winterberry,inkberry
evergreen wood fern,Christmas fern
everlasting flower,everlasting
eversion,inversion
everting,inversion
everydayness,commonness
eviction,constructive eviction
evidence,grounds
evildoer,sinner
evildoing,transgression
evilness,evil
evisceration,disembowelment
evocation,summoning
evolution,development
evolutionism,theory of evolution
ew,electronic warfare
ewenki,Evenki
ewer,pitcher
ewing's tumor,Ewing's sarcoma
ewing's tumour,Ewing's sarcoma
ex-husband,ex
ex-serviceman,veteran
ex-wife,ex
ex libris,bookplate
exabit,Ebit
exabyte,EB
exacerbation,aggravation
exacta,perfecta
exactitude,exactness
exactness,exactitude
exacum affine,Persian violet
exaggeration,hyperbole
exaltation,ecstasy
exam,examination
exam paper,test paper
examen,examination
examination,scrutiny
examination paper,test paper
examinee,testee
examiner,tester
example,illustration
exanthem,exanthema
exanthema,exanthem
exanthema subitum,roseola infantum
exarchate,eparchy
exasperation,aggravation
exbibit,Eibit
exbibyte,exabyte
excavation,digging
excavator,power shovel
excellence,excellency
excelsior,wood shavings
exception,exclusion
excerpt,excerption
excerption,excerpt
excessiveness,excess
exchange,interchange
exchange premium,agio
exchange rate,rate of exchange
exchange traded fund,ETF
exchangeability,interchangeability
exchanger,money changer
exchequer,treasury
excise,excise tax
excise tax,excise
exciseman,tax collector
excision,deletion
excitability,irritability
excitable area,motor area
excitableness,excitability
excitation,excitement
excitement,exhilaration
exclaiming,exclamation
exclamation,exclaiming
exclamation mark,exclamation point
exclamation point,exclamation mark
exclusion,excommunication
exclusion principle,Pauli exclusion principle
exclusive right,prerogative
exclusiveness,clannishness
excogitation,invention
excommunication,exclusion
excoriation,abrasion
excrement,body waste
excrescence,bulge
excreta,body waste
excreting,elimination
excretion,elimination
excretory organ,urinary organ
excretory product,body waste
excruciation,agony
exculpation,excuse
excursion,jaunt
excursionist,sightseer
excursus,digression
excuse,alibi
excuser,pardoner
exec,White House
execration,abhorrence
executing,execution
execution,executing
execution of instrument,execution
execution sale,sheriff's sale
executioner,public executioner
executive branch,Executive Office of the President
executive director,executive
executive office of the president,executive branch
executive program,supervisory program
executive routine,supervisory routine
executive session,closed session
exemplar,example
exemplary damages,punitive damages
exemplification,illustration
exemption,freedom
exercise,exercising
exercise bike,exercycle
exercise set,set
exerciser,gymnastic apparatus
exercising,exercise
exercising weight,weight
exercycle,exercise bike
exertion,effort
exfoliation,scale
exhalation,halitus
exhaust,exhaust fumes
exhaust fumes,exhaust
exhaust hood,hood
exhaust system,exhaust
exhaustion,debilitation
exhibit,display
exhibition,exposition
exhibition area,exhibition hall
exhibition game,practice game
exhibition hall,exhibition area
exhibitioner,exhibitor
exhibitionism,immodesty
exhibitionist,flasher
exhibitor,exhibitioner
exhilaration,excitement
exhortation,incitement
exhumation,disinterment
exigency,emergency
exiguity,meagerness
exile,expatriate
existence,being
existential operator,existential quantifier
existential philosopher,existentialist
existential philosophy,existentialism
existential quantifier,existential operator
existentialism,existential philosophy
existentialist philosopher,existentialist
existentialist philosophy,existentialism
exit,issue
exobiology,space biology
exocarp,epicarp
exocrine gland,exocrine
exoderm,ectoderm
exodontia,exodontics
exodontics,exodontia
exodus,hegira
exogamy,intermarriage
exogen,dicot
exogenous depression,reactive depression
exon,coding DNA
exoneration,vindication
exophthalmic goiter,Graves' disease
exorbitance,outrageousness
exorciser,exorcist
exorcism,dispossession
exorcist,exorciser
exotic belly dancer,belly dancer
exotic dancer,stripper
exoticism,exoticness
exoticness,exoticism
exotism,exoticism
exotropia,walleye
expanding upon,expansion
expanse,sweep
expansion,enlargement
expansion bit,expansive bit
expansion slot,slot
expansive bit,expansion bit
expansiveness,expansivity
expansivity,coefficient of expansion
expat,exile
expatriate,exile
expatriation,exile
expectancy,anticipation
expectation,outlook
expected value,arithmetic mean
expectedness,commonness
expectorant,expectorator
expectoration,spit
expectorator,spitter
expedience,expediency
expediency,expedience
expedition,military expedition
expeditiousness,dispatch
expelling,discharge
expender,spender
expending,expenditure
expenditure,outgo
expense,disbursal
expense account,travel and entertainment account
experiment,experimentation
experimental condition,condition
experimental extinction,extinction
experimental psychology,psychonomics
experimental variable,independent variable
experimentation,experiment
expertise,expertness
expertness,expertise
expiation,atonement
expiration,termination
expiry,termination
explanandum,explicandum
explanation,account
expletive,curse
explicandum,explanandum
exploding cucumber,squirting cucumber
exploit,feat
exploitation,development
exploiter,user
exploration,geographic expedition
exploratory survey,scouting
explorer,adventurer
explorer's gentian,Gentiana calycosa
explosion,detonation
explosive charge,charge
explosive detection system,EDS
explosive trace detection,ETD
expo,exhibition
exponent,advocate
exponential decay,exponential return
exponential function,exponential
exponential return,exponential decay
exponentiation,involution
export,exportation
exportation,export
exporting,exportation
expose,unmasking
exposition,expounding
expositor,expounder
expostulation,remonstrance
exposure,vulnerability
exposure meter,light meter
expounder,expositor
expounding,exposition
express luxury liner,luxury liner
express mail,express
express trust,direct trust
expressage,express
expressed almond oil,almond oil
expression,look
expressive aphasia,motor aphasia
expressive style,style
expressway,freeway
expulsion,ejection
expunction,expunging
expunging,expunction
expurgation,castration
expurgator,bowdlerizer
extemporisation,extemporization
extemporization,extemporisation
extended time scale,slow time scale
extension,propagation
extension agent,county agent
extension phone,extension
extension service,extension
extensiveness,largeness
extensor,extensor muscle
extensor muscle,extensor
extenuation,mitigation
exterior angle,external angle
exterior door,outside door
exteriorisation,externalization
exteriorization,externalization
extermination,extinction
exterminator,terminator
extern,medical extern
external angle,exterior angle
external auditory canal,auditory meatus
external carotid,external carotid artery
external carotid artery,external carotid
external ear,outer ear
external maxillary artery,facial artery
external nasal vein,vena nasalis externa
external oblique muscle,musculus obliquus externus abdominis
external orifice,urethral orifice
external respiration,breathing
external storage,auxiliary storage
externalisation,externalization
externality,outwardness
externalization,externalisation
extinction,defunctness
extinction angle,angle of extinction
extinguisher,fire extinguisher
extinguishing,extinction
extirpation,ablation
extoller,laudator
extolment,praise
extortioner,blackmailer
extortionist,blackmailer
extra point,point after
extra time,overtime
extracellular fluid,ECF
extract,infusion
extraction,origin
extractor,centrifuge
extragalactic nebula,galaxy
extramarital sex,free love
extrasensory perception,clairvoyance
extraterrestrial being,extraterrestrial
extraterrestrial object,estraterrestrial body
extrauterine gestation,ectopic pregnancy
extrauterine pregnancy,ectopic pregnancy
extravagance,extravagancy
extravagancy,extravagance
extravasation,eruption
extraversion,extroversion
extreme point,extreme
extreme right-winger,reactionary
extreme unction,anointing of the sick
extremely high frequency,EHF
extremely low frequency,ELF
extremity,appendage
extremum,extreme point
extrication,unsnarling
extrinsic fraud,collateral fraud
extroversion,extraversion
extrusion,bulge
exuberance,enthusiasm
exudate,exudation
exudation,exudate
exultation,jubilance
eye,oculus
eye-drop,eyedrop
eye-lotion,eyewash
eye blink,blink
eye cup,eyecup
eye doctor,ophthalmologist
eye dropper,dropper
eye infection,sty
eye mask,domino
eye muscle,ocular muscle
eye of ra,Sekhet
eye operation,eye surgery
eye socket,orbit
eye surgery,eye operation
eye tooth,canine
eyeball,orb
eyebath,eyecup
eyebrow,brow
eyecup,eyebath
eyedrop,eye-drop
eyeglass,monocle
eyeglasses,spectacles
eyehole,peephole
eyelash,lash
eyelet,eyehole
eyelid,lid
eyepatch,patch
eyepiece,ocular
eyes,eye
eyeshade,bill
eyeshot,view
eyesight,seeing
eyespot,ocellus
eyestrain,asthenopia
eyetooth,canine
eyewash,eye-lotion
eyra,jaguarundi
eyrie,aerie
eyry,aerie
ezechiel,Ezekiel
ezed,Z
ezekias,Hezekiah
ezo,Hokkaido
ezo-yama-hagi,bicolor lespediza
ezra cornell,Cornell
ezra loomis pound,Pound
ezra pound,Pound
f,degree Fahrenheit
f. d. roosevelt,Roosevelt
f. g. banting,Banting
f. scott fitzgerald,Fitzgerald
f.i.s.c.,Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court
f clef,bass clef
f layer,Appleton layer
f number,focal ratio
f region,Appleton layer
fa la,fal la
faa,Federal Aviation Agency
fabaceae,Leguminosae
fabiana imbricata,pichi
fable,fabrication
fabric,cloth
fabrication,fiction
fabricator,storyteller
facade,frontage
face,human face
face-off,confrontation
face card,picture card
face cloth,washcloth
face cream,cold cream
face fungus,beard
face lift,facelift
face lifting,face lift
face pack,pack
face recognition,facial recognition
face saver,face saving
face saving,face saver
face soap,toilet soap
face towel,hand towel
face value,par value
facelift,face lift
facet,aspect
facia,fascia
facial artery,arteria facialis
facial expression,facial gesture
facial gesture,facial expression
facial nerve,facial
facial recognition,face recognition
facial vein,vena facialis
facility,installation
facing,veneer
facing pages,spread
facsimile,autotype
facsimile machine,facsimile
fact mood,indicative mood
faction,cabal
factor,component
factor i,fibrinogen
factor ii,prothrombin
factor iii,thromboplastin
factor iv,calcium ion
factor ix,Christmas factor
factor of proportionality,constant of proportionality
factor of safety,safety factor
factor v,proaccelerin
factor vii,proconvertin
factor viii,antihemophilic factor
factor x,prothrombinase
factor xi,plasma thromboplastin antecedent
factor xii,Hageman factor
factor xiii,fibrinase
factoring,factorization
factorisation,factorization
factorization,factorisation
factory,mill
factory farm,agribusiness
factory worker,mill-hand
facts of life,reproduction
factuality,factualness
factualness,factuality
faculty,mental faculty
faculty member,academician
fad,craze
fade,slice
fadeout,receding
fading,attenuation
fae,fuel-air explosive
faecal matter,fecal matter
faecal occult test,fecal occult test
faecalith,coprolith
faeces,fecal matter
faerie,fairy
faeroe islands,Faroe Islands
faeroes,Faroe Islands
faeroese,Faroese
faery,fairy
fag,fagot
fag end,tail
faggot,fagot
faggot stitch,fagot stitch
faggoting,fagoting
fagopyrum esculentum,buckwheat
fagot,faggot
fagot stitch,faggot stitch
fagoting,faggoting
fagus americana,American beech
fagus grandifolia,American beech
fagus pendula,weeping beech
fagus purpurea,copper beech
fagus sylvatica,common beech
fagus sylvatica atropunicea,copper beech
fagus sylvatica pendula,weeping beech
fagus sylvatica purpurea,copper beech
fahd ibn abdel aziz al-saud,Fahd
failure,loser
faineance,idleness
faintheartedness,faintness
faintness,faintheartedness
fair-maids-of-france,meadow saxifrage
fair-mindedness,fairness
fair chance,sporting chance
fair deal,square deal
fair game,prey
fair sex,womanhood
fair weather,sunshine
fairness,equity
fairway crested wheat grass,crested wheatgrass
fairy,faery
fairy-ring mushroom,Marasmius oreades
fairy-slipper,calypso
fairy armadillo,pichiciago
fairy bell,common foxglove
fairy bluebird,bluebird
fairy circle,fairy ring
fairy cup,blood cup
fairy lantern,globe lily
fairy ring,fairy circle
fairy story,fairytale
fairy tale,fairytale
fairyland,fantasy world
fairytale,fairy tale
faisal ibn abdel aziz al-saud,Faisal
fait accompli,accomplished fact
faith,religion
faith cure,faith healing
faith healing,faith cure
faithfulness,fidelity
faithlessness,falseness
fakeer,fakir
faker,imposter
fakir,fakeer
fal la,fa la
falafel,felafel
falanga,bastinado
falangist,phalangist
falcatifolium falciforme,common sickle pine
falcatifolium taxoides,yellow-leaf sickle pine
falco columbarius,pigeon hawk
falco peregrinus,peregrine
falco rusticolus,gyrfalcon
falco sparverius,sparrow hawk
falco subbuteo,hobby
falco tinnunculus,kestrel
falcon-gentil,falcon-gentle
falcon-gentle,falcon-gentil
falconer,hawker
falderol,folderal
falkner,Faulkner
fall,autumn
fall-blooming hydrangea,Hydrangea paniculata
fall-board,fallboard
fall armyworm,Spodoptera frugiperda
fall dandelion,arnica bud
fall equinox,autumnal equinox
fall guy,chump
fall webworm,Hyphantria cunea
fallacy,false belief
fallal,bangle
fallback,disengagement
fallboard,fall-board
fallen arch,sunken arch
faller,lumberman
falling off,slump
falling out,rupture
falloff,slump
fallopio,Fallopius
fallot's syndrome,tetralogy of Fallot
fallot's tetralogy,tetralogy of Fallot
fallout,radioactive dust
fallow deer,Dama dama
falls,waterfall
false alumroot,fringe cups
false azalea,fool's huckleberry
false baby's breath,wild madder
false beachdrops,pinesap
false belief,fallacy
false bittersweet,bittersweet
false bracken,Culcita dubia
false buckthorn,chittamwood
false bugbane,Trautvetteria carolinensis
false calyx,epicalyx
false deathcap,Amanita mappa
false dogwood,China tree
false dragon head,false dragonhead
false dragonhead,false dragon head
false flax,Camelina
false foxglove,Aureolaria virginica
false fruit,pome
false garlic,crow garlic
false gavial,Tomistoma schlegeli
false glottis,rima vestibuli
false goatsbeard,Astilbe biternata
false hair,hairpiece
false heather,golden heather
false hellebore,hellebore
false indigo,wild indigo
false labor,Braxton-Hicks contraction
false lily of the valley,Maianthemum bifolium
false lupine,golden pea
false mallow,globe mallow
false mildew,downy mildew
false mistletoe,mistletoe
false miterwort,false mitrewort
false mitrewort,false miterwort
false name,alias
false nettle,bog hemp
false oat,tall oat grass
false pimpernel,chaffweed
false pregnancy,pseudocyesis
false pretence,false pretense
false pretense,false pretence
false ragweed,burweed marsh elder
false rue,false rue anemone
false rue anemone,false rue
false saffron,safflower
false sago,fern palm
false sarsaparilla,wild sarsaparilla
false scorpion,pseudoscorpion
false smut,green smut
false tamarisk,German tamarisk
false topaz,topaz
false truffle,earthball
false vampire,false vampire bat
false vampire bat,false vampire
false vocal cord,false vocal fold
false vocal fold,false vocal cord
false wintergreen,Pyrola americana
false witness,perjurer
falsehood,falsity
falseness,falsity
falsification,disproof
falsifying,falsification
falsity,falseness
falter,hesitation
fame,celebrity
familiar spirit,familiar
familiarisation,familiarization
familiarity,acquaintance
familiarization,familiarisation
family,household
family acanthaceae,Acanthaceae
family acanthisittidae,Xenicidae
family acanthuridae,Acanthuridae
family acaridae,Acaridae
family accipitridae,Accipitridae
family aceraceae,Aceraceae
family acipenseridae,Acipenseridae
family acrididae,Acrididae
family actinidiaceae,Actinidiaceae
family actinomycetaceae,Actinomycetaceae
family adelgidae,Adelgidae
family adiantaceae,Adiantaceae
family aegypiidae,Aegypiidae
family aepyornidae,Aepyornidae
family agamidae,Agamidae
family agaricaceae,Agaricaceae
family agavaceae,Agavaceae
family agonidae,Agonidae
family ailuropodidae,Ailuropodidae
family aizoaceae,Aizoaceae
family akeridae,Akeridae
family alaudidae,Alaudidae
family albuginaceae,Albuginaceae
family albulidae,Albulidae
family alcedinidae,Alcedinidae
family alcidae,Alcidae
family aleyrodidae,Aleyrodidae
family alismataceae,Alismataceae
family alliaceae,Alliaceae
family alligatoridae,Alligatoridae
family allioniaceae,Nyctaginaceae
family aloeaceae,Aloeaceae
family alopiidae,Alopiidae
family alstroemeriaceae,Alstroemeriaceae
family amaranthaceae,Amaranthaceae
family amaryllidaceae,Amaryllidaceae
family ambrosiaceae,Ambrosiaceae
family ambystomatidae,Ambystomatidae
family ameiuridae,Ameiuridae
family amiidae,Amiidae
family ammodytidae,Ammodytidae
family amphioxidae,Amphioxidae
family amphisbaenidae,Amphisbaenidae
family amphiumidae,Amphiumidae
family amygdalaceae,Amygdalaceae
family anabantidae,Anabantidae
family anacardiaceae,Anacardiaceae
family anarhichadidae,Anarhichadidae
family anatidae,Anatidae
family ancylidae,Ancylidae
family ancylostomatidae,Ancylostomatidae
family andrenidae,Andrenidae
family anguidae,Anguidae
family anguillidae,Anguillidae
family anhimidae,Anhimidae
family anhingidae,Anhingidae
family anniellidae,Anniellidae
family annonaceae,Annonaceae
family anobiidae,Anobiidae
family anomalopidae,Anomalopidae
family anomiidae,Anomiidae
family antedonidae,Antedonidae
family antennariidae,Antennariidae
family anthocerotaceae,Anthocerotaceae
family antilocapridae,Antilocapridae
family aphididae,Aphididae
family aphyllanthaceae,Aphyllanthaceae
family apiaceae,Umbelliferae
family apidae,Apidae
family aplodontiidae,Aplodontiidae
family aplysiidae,Aplysiidae
family apocynaceae,Apocynaceae
family apodidae,Apodidae
family apogonidae,Apogonidae
family apterygidae,Apterygidae
family aquifoliaceae,Aquifoliaceae
family araceae,Araceae
family araliaceae,Araliaceae
family araucariaceae,Araucariaceae
family arcellidae,Arcellidae
family arcidae,Arcidae
family arctiidae,Arctiidae
family ardeidae,Ardeidae
family arecaceae,Palmae
family argasidae,Argasidae
family argentinidae,Argentinidae
family argiopidae,Argiopidae
family argonautidae,Argonautidae
family ariidae,Ariidae
family aristolochiaceae,Aristolochiaceae
family armadillidiidae,Armadillidiidae
family artamidae,Artamidae
family ascaphidae,Ascaphidae
family ascaridae,Ascaridae
family asclepiadaceae,Asclepiadaceae
family asilidae,Asilidae
family asparagaceae,Asparagaceae
family aspergillaceae,Aspergillaceae
family asphodelaceae,Asphodelaceae
family aspleniaceae,Aspleniaceae
family astacidae,Astacidae
family asteraceae,Compositae
family atherinidae,Atherinidae
family athiorhodaceae,Athiorhodaceae
family athyriaceae,Dryopteridaceae
family atrichornithidae,Atrichornithidae
family atropidae,Atropidae
family aulostomidae,Aulostomidae
family auriculariaceae,Auriculariaceae
family avicenniaceae,Avicenniaceae
family azollaceae,Azollaceae
family babesiidae,Babesiidae
family bacillaceae,Bacillaceae
family bacteroidaceae,Bacteroidaceae
family balaenicipitidae,Balaenicipitidae
family balaenidae,Balaenidae
family balaenopteridae,Balaenopteridae
family balanidae,Balanidae
family balistidae,Balistidae
family balsaminaceae,Balsaminaceae
family bangiaceae,Bangiaceae
family bathyergidae,Bathyergidae
family batidaceae,Batidaceae
family batrachoididae,Batrachoididae
family begoniaceae,Begoniaceae
family belemnitidae,Belemnitidae
family belonidae,Belonidae
family belostomatidae,Belostomatidae
family bennettitaceae,Bennettitaceae
family berberidaceae,Berberidaceae
family betulaceae,Betulaceae
family bignoniaceae,Bignoniaceae
family bittacidae,Bittacidae
family blastodiaceae,Blastodiaceae
family blattidae,Blattidae
family blechnaceae,Blechnaceae
family blenniidae,Blenniidae
family boidae,Boidae
family boletaceae,Boletaceae
family bombacaceae,Bombacaceae
family bombycidae,Bombycidae
family bombycillidae,Bombycillidae
family bombyliidae,Bombyliidae
family boraginaceae,Boraginaceae
family bothidae,Bothidae
family bovidae,Bovidae
family bradypodidae,Bradypodidae
family bramidae,Bramidae
family branchiobdellidae,Branchiobdellidae
family branchiostegidae,Branchiostegidae
family branchiostomidae,Amphioxidae
family brassicaceae,Cruciferae
family brevicipitidae,Microhylidae
family bromeliaceae,Bromeliaceae
family brotulidae,Brotulidae
family bruchidae,Bruchidae
family bryaceae,Bryaceae
family buccinidae,Buccinidae
family bucconidae,Bucconidae
family bucerotidae,Bucerotidae
family bufonidae,Bufonidae
family burhinidae,Burhinidae
family burmanniaceae,Burmanniaceae
family burseraceae,Burseraceae
family buxaceae,Buxaceae
family cactaceae,Cactaceae
family caeciliadae,Caeciliidae
family caeciliidae,Caeciliidae
family caenolestidae,Caenolestidae
family caesalpiniaceae,Caesalpiniaceae
family callionymidae,Callionymidae
family calliphoridae,Calliphoridae
family callithricidae,Callithricidae
family callitrichaceae,Callitrichaceae
family calostomataceae,Calostomataceae
family calycanthaceae,Calycanthaceae
family camelidae,Camelidae
family campanulaceae,Campanulaceae
family cancridae,Cancridae
family canellaceae,Canellaceae
family canidae,Canidae
family cannabidaceae,Cannabidaceae
family cannaceae,Cannaceae
family capitonidae,Capitonidae
family capparidaceae,Capparidaceae
family caprifoliaceae,Caprifoliaceae
family caprimulgidae,Caprimulgidae
family caproidae,Caproidae
family capromyidae,Capromyidae
family capsidae,Miridae
family carabidae,Carabidae
family carangidae,Carangidae
family carapidae,Carapidae
family carcharhinidae,Carcharhinidae
family carchariidae,Carchariidae
family cardiidae,Cardiidae
family cariamidae,Cariamidae
family caricaceae,Caricaceae
family carpinaceae,Carpinaceae
family caryocaraceae,Caryocaraceae
family caryophyllaceae,Caryophyllaceae
family castoridae,Castoridae
family casuaridae,Casuaridae
family casuarinaceae,Casuarinaceae
family cathartidae,Cathartidae
family catostomidae,Catostomidae
family caviidae,Caviidae
family cebidae,Cebidae
family cecidomyidae,Cecidomyidae
family cecropiaceae,Cecropiaceae
family celastraceae,Celastraceae
family centrarchidae,Centrarchidae
family centriscidae,Centriscidae
family centropomidae,Centropomidae
family cephalobidae,Cephalobidae
family cephalotaceae,Cephalotaceae
family cephalotaxaceae,Cephalotaxaceae
family cerambycidae,Cerambycidae
family ceratodontidae,Ceratodontidae
family ceratophyllaceae,Ceratophyllaceae
family ceratopogonidae,Ceratopogonidae
family ceratopsidae,Ceratopsidae
family ceratostomataceae,Ceratostomataceae
family cercidiphyllaceae,Cercidiphyllaceae
family cercopidae,Cercopidae
family cercopithecidae,Cercopithecidae
family certhiidae,Certhiidae
family cervidae,Cervidae
family cestidae,Cestidae
family cetorhinidae,Cetorhinidae
family chaetodontidae,Chaetodontidae
family chalcidae,Chalcididae
family chalcididae,Chalcididae
family chamaeleonidae,Chamaeleontidae
family chamaeleontidae,Chamaeleontidae
family characeae,Characeae
family characidae,Characidae
family characinidae,Characinidae
family charadriidae,Charadriidae
family chelonidae,Cheloniidae
family cheloniidae,Cheloniidae
family chelydridae,Chelydridae
family chenopodiaceae,Chenopodiaceae
family chermidae,Psyllidae
family chimaeridae,Chimaeridae
family chinchillidae,Chinchillidae
family chironomidae,Chironomidae
family chlamydiaceae,Chlamydiaceae
family chlamydomonadaceae,Chlamydomonadaceae
family chloranthaceae,Chloranthaceae
family chlorophthalmidae,Chlorophthalmidae
family chrysochloridae,Chrysochloridae
family chrysomelidae,Chrysomelidae
family chrysopidae,Chrysopidae
family chytridiaceae,Chytridiaceae
family cicadellidae,Cicadellidae
family cicadidae,Cicadidae
family cichlidae,Cichlidae
family cicindelidae,Cicindelidae
family ciconiidae,Ciconiidae
family cimicidae,Cimicidae
family cinclidae,Cinclidae
family circle,second balcony
family cistaceae,Cistaceae
family cladoniaceae,Cladoniaceae
family clathraceae,Clathraceae
family clavariaceae,Clavariaceae
family cleridae,Cleridae
family clethraceae,Clethraceae
family clinidae,Clinidae
family clupeidae,Clupeidae
family clusiaceae,Guttiferae
family cobitidae,Cobitidae
family coccidae,Coccidae
family coccinellidae,Coccinellidae
family coerebidae,Coerebidae
family colchicaceae,Colchicaceae
family colubridae,Colubridae
family columbidae,Columbidae
family comatulidae,Comatulidae
family combretaceae,Combretaceae
family commelinaceae,Commelinaceae
family compositae,Compositae
family congridae,Congridae
family connaraceae,Connaraceae
family convallariaceae,Convallariaceae
family convolvulaceae,Convolvulaceae
family coprinaceae,Coprinaceae
family coraciidae,Coraciidae
family cordaitaceae,Cordaitaceae
family cordylidae,Cordylidae
family coregonidae,Coregonidae
family coreidae,Coreidae
family corixidae,Corixidae
family cornaceae,Cornaceae
family cortinariaceae,Cortinariaceae
family corvidae,Corvidae
family corydalidae,Corydalidae
family corylaceae,Corylaceae
family corynebacteriaceae,Corynebacteriaceae
family coryphaenidae,Coryphaenidae
family cotingidae,Cotingidae
family cottidae,Cottidae
family court,domestic relations court
family cracidae,Cracidae
family cracticidae,Cracticidae
family crangonidae,Crangonidae
family crassulaceae,Crassulaceae
family cricetidae,Cricetidae
family crocodylidae,Crocodylidae
family crotalidae,Crotalidae
family cruciferae,Cruciferae
family cryptobranchidae,Cryptobranchidae
family cryptocercidae,Cryptocercidae
family cryptogrammataceae,Cryptogrammataceae
family ctenizidae,Ctenizidae
family cuculidae,Cuculidae
family cucurbitaceae,Cucurbitaceae
family culicidae,Culicidae
family cunoniaceae,Cunoniaceae
family cupressaceae,Cupressaceae
family curculionidae,Curculionidae
family cuterebridae,Cuterebridae
family cyatheaceae,Cyatheaceae
family cycadaceae,Cycadaceae
family cyclopteridae,Cyclopteridae
family cymatiidae,Cymatiidae
family cynipidae,Cynipidae
family cynocephalidae,Cynocephalidae
family cynoglossidae,Cynoglossidae
family cyperaceae,Cyperaceae
family cypraeidae,Cypraeidae
family cyprinidae,Cyprinidae
family cyprinodontidae,Cyprinodontidae
family cyrilliaceae,Cyrilliaceae
family dacninae,Coerebidae
family dacrymycetaceae,Dacrymycetaceae
family dactylopiidae,Dactylopiidae
family dactylopteridae,Dactylopteridae
family dactyloscopidae,Dactyloscopidae
family danaidae,Danaidae
family dasyatidae,Dasyatidae
family dasypodidae,Dasypodidae
family dasyproctidae,Dasyproctidae
family dasyuridae,Dasyuridae
family dasyurinae,Dasyuridae
family daubentoniidae,Daubentoniidae
family davalliaceae,Davalliaceae
family delphinidae,Delphinidae
family dematiaceae,Dematiaceae
family dendrocolaptidae,Dendrocolaptidae
family dennstaedtiaceae,Dennstaedtiaceae
family dermestidae,Dermestidae
family dermochelyidae,Dermochelyidae
family desmidiaceae,Desmidiaceae
family desmodontidae,Desmodontidae
family diapensiaceae,Diapensiaceae
family diaspididae,Diaspididae
family dicamptodontidae,Dicamptodontidae
family dicksoniaceae,Dicksoniaceae
family dicranaceae,Dicranaceae
family didelphidae,Didelphidae
family dilleniaceae,Dilleniaceae
family dinornithidae,Dinornithidae
family diodontidae,Diodontidae
family diomedeidae,Diomedeidae
family dioscoreaceae,Dioscoreaceae
family dipodidae,Dipodidae
family dipsacaceae,Dipsacaceae
family dipterocarpaceae,Dipterocarpaceae
family discoglossidae,Discoglossidae
family doliolidae,Doliolidae
family dracunculidae,Dracunculidae
family drepanididae,Drepanididae
family dromaeosauridae,Dromaeosauridae
family droseraceae,Droseraceae
family drosophilidae,Drosophilidae
family dryopteridaceae,Dryopteridaceae
family dugongidae,Dugongidae
family dytiscidae,Dytiscidae
family ebenaceae,Ebenaceae
family echeneidae,Echeneididae
family echeneididae,Echeneididae
family edaphosauridae,Edaphosauridae
family eimeriidae,Eimeriidae
family elaeagnaceae,Elaeagnaceae
family elaeocarpaceae,Elaeocarpaceae
family elapidae,Elapidae
family elateridae,Elateridae
family electrophoridae,Electrophoridae
family eleotridae,Eleotridae
family elephantidae,Elephantidae
family elopidae,Elopidae
family embiotocidae,Embiotocidae
family empetraceae,Empetraceae
family emydidae,Emydidae
family endamoebidae,Endamoebidae
family engraulidae,Engraulidae
family enterobacteriaceae,Enterobacteriaceae
family entolomataceae,Entolomataceae
family entomophthoraceae,Entomophthoraceae
family epacridaceae,Epacridaceae
family ephedraceae,Ephedraceae
family ephemeridae,Ephemeridae
family ephippidae,Ephippidae
family equidae,Equidae
family equisetaceae,Equisetaceae
family erethizontidae,Erethizontidae
family ericaceae,Ericaceae
family erinaceidae,Erinaceidae
family eriocaulaceae,Eriocaulaceae
family erysiphaceae,Erysiphaceae
family erythroxylaceae,Erythroxylaceae
family eschrichtiidae,Eschrichtiidae
family esocidae,Esocidae
family euglenaceae,Euglenaceae
family euphorbiaceae,Euphorbiaceae
family eurylaimidae,Eurylaimidae
family exocoetidae,Exocoetidae
family fabaceae,Leguminosae
family fagaceae,Fagaceae
family falconidae,Falconidae
family fasciolidae,Fasciolidae
family felidae,Felidae
family filariidae,Filariidae
family fissurellidae,Fissurellidae
family fistulariidae,Fistulariidae
family fistulinaceae,Fistulinaceae
family flacourtiaceae,Flacourtiaceae
family forficulidae,Forficulidae
family formicariidae,Formicariidae
family formicidae,Formicidae
family fouquieriaceae,Fouquieriaceae
family fregatidae,Fregatidae
family fringillidae,Fringillidae
family fucaceae,Fucaceae
family fulgoridae,Fulgoridae
family fumariaceae,Fumariaceae
family funkaceae,Hostaceae
family furnariidae,Furnariidae
family gadidae,Gadidae
family galbulidae,Galbulidae
family gasterophilidae,Gasterophilidae
family gasterosteidae,Gasterosteidae
family gavialidae,Gavialidae
family gavidae,Gavidae
family geastraceae,Geastraceae
family gekkonidae,Gekkonidae
family gelechiidae,Gelechiidae
family gempylidae,Gempylidae
family gentianaceae,Gentianaceae
family geoglossaceae,Geoglossaceae
family geometridae,Geometridae
family geomyidae,Geomyidae
family geophilidae,Geophilidae
family geraniaceae,Geraniaceae
family gerreidae,Gerreidae
family gerridae,Gerreidae
family gerrididae,Gerrididae
family gesneriaceae,Gesneriaceae
family gigartinaceae,Gigartinaceae
family ginkgoaceae,Ginkgoaceae
family giraffidae,Giraffidae
family glareolidae,Glareolidae
family gleicheniaceae,Gleicheniaceae
family gliridae,Gliridae
family globigerinidae,Globigerinidae
family glossinidae,Glossinidae
family gnetaceae,Gnetaceae
family gobiesocidae,Gobiesocidae
family gobiidae,Gobiidae
family gomphotheriidae,Gomphotheriidae
family gonorhynchidae,Gonorhynchidae
family goodeniaceae,Goodeniaceae
family gracilariidae,Gracilariidae
family graminaceae,Gramineae
family gramineae,Gramineae
family grossulariaceae,Grossulariaceae
family gruidae,Gruidae
family gryllidae,Gryllidae
family guttiferae,Guttiferae
family gyrinidae,Gyrinidae
family hadrosauridae,Hadrosauridae
family haematopodidae,Haematopodidae
family haemodoraceae,Haemodoraceae
family haemoproteidae,Haemoproteidae
family haemulidae,Haemulidae
family halictidae,Halictidae
family haliotidae,Haliotidae
family haloragaceae,Haloragidaceae
family haloragidaceae,Haloragidaceae
family hamamelidaceae,Hamamelidaceae
family helicidae,Helicidae
family helodermatidae,Helodermatidae
family helotiaceae,Helotiaceae
family helvellaceae,Helvellaceae
family hemerobiidae,Hemerobiidae
family hemerocallidaceae,Hemerocallidaceae
family hemiprocnidae,Hemiprocnidae
family hemiramphidae,Hemiramphidae
family heteromyidae,Heteromyidae
family hexagrammidae,Hexagrammidae
family hexanchidae,Hexanchidae
family hippoboscidae,Hippoboscidae
family hippocastanaceae,Hippocastanaceae
family hippopotamidae,Hippopotamidae
family hipposideridae,Hipposideridae
family hirudinidae,Hirudinidae
family hirundinidae,Hirundinidae
family holocentridae,Holocentridae
family holothuridae,Holothuridae
family homaridae,Homaridae
family hominidae,Hominidae
family hostaceae,Hostaceae
family hyacinthaceae,Hyacinthaceae
family hyaenidae,Hyaenidae
family hydnaceae,Hydnaceae
family hydnoraceae,Hydnoraceae
family hydrangeaceae,Hydrangeaceae
family hydrobatidae,Hydrobatidae
family hydrocharidaceae,Hydrocharitaceae
family hydrocharitaceae,Hydrocharitaceae
family hydrochoeridae,Hydrochoeridae
family hydrophidae,Hydrophidae
family hydrophyllaceae,Hydrophyllaceae
family hygrophoraceae,Hygrophoraceae
family hylidae,Hylidae
family hylobatidae,Hylobatidae
family hymenophyllaceae,Hymenophyllaceae
family hypericaceae,Hypericaceae
family hyperodontidae,Ziphiidae
family hypocreaceae,Hypocreaceae
family hypodermatidae,Oestridae
family hypoxidaceae,Hypoxidaceae
family hystricidae,Hystricidae
family ibidiidae,Threskiornithidae
family ichneumonidae,Ichneumonidae
family ichthyosauridae,Ichthyosauridae
family icteridae,Icteridae
family iguania,Iguanidae
family iguanidae,Iguanidae
family iguanodontidae,Iguanodontidae
family indicatoridae,Indicatoridae
family indriidae,Indriidae
family ipidae,Scolytidae
family irenidae,Irenidae
family iridaceae,Iridaceae
family isoetaceae,Isoetaceae
family istiophoridae,Istiophoridae
family isuridae,Isuridae
family ixodidae,Ixodidae
family jassidae,Jassidae
family jewels,male genitalia
family juglandaceae,Juglandaceae
family juncaceae,Juncaceae
family juncaginaceae,Scheuchzeriaceae
family jungermanniaceae,Jungermanniaceae
family kalotermitidae,Kalotermitidae
family kasuwonidae,Katsuwonidae
family kinosternidae,Kinosternidae
family kyphosidae,Kyphosidae
family labiatae,Labiatae
family labridae,Labridae
family lacertidae,Lacertidae
family lactobacillaceae,Lactobacillaceae
family lactobacteriaceae,Lactobacillaceae
family lamiaceae,Labiatae
family laminariaceae,Laminariaceae
family lamnidae,Lamnidae
family lampridae,Lampridae
family lampyridae,Lampyridae
family laniidae,Laniidae
family lanthanotidae,Lanthanotidae
family lardizabalaceae,Lardizabalaceae
family laricariidae,Laricariidae
family laridae,Laridae
family lasiocampidae,Lasiocampidae
family latimeridae,Latimeridae
family lauraceae,Lauraceae
family lecanoraceae,Lecanoraceae
family lecythidaceae,Lecythidaceae
family leguminosae,Leguminosae
family leiopelmatidae,Leiopelmatidae
family leitneriaceae,Leitneriaceae
family lemnaceae,Lemnaceae
family lemuridae,Lemuridae
family lennoaceae,Lennoaceae
family lentibulariaceae,Lentibulariaceae
family lepadidae,Lepadidae
family lepidobotryaceae,Lepidobotryaceae
family lepidodendraceae,Lepidodendraceae
family lepiotaceae,Lepiotaceae
family lepismatidae,Lepismatidae
family lepisosteidae,Lepisosteidae
family leporidae,Leporidae
family leptodactylidae,Leptodactylidae
family leptotyphlopidae,Leptotyphlopidae
family liliaceae,Liliaceae
family limacidae,Limacidae
family limulidae,Limulidae
family linaceae,Linaceae
family line,family
family liopelmidae,Leiopelmatidae
family liparidae,Liparididae
family liparididae,Liparididae
family lithodidae,Lithodidae
family littorinidae,Littorinidae
family loasaceae,Loasaceae
family lobeliaceae,Lobeliaceae
family lobotidae,Lobotidae
family locustidae,Acrididae
family loganiaceae,Loganiaceae
family lomariopsidaceae,Lomariopsidaceae
family lophiidae,Lophiidae
family lophosoriaceae,Lophosoriaceae
family loranthaceae,Loranthaceae
family lorisidae,Lorisidae
family loxomataceae,Loxomataceae
family lucanidae,Lucanidae
family lutjanidae,Lutjanidae
family luvaridae,Luvaridae
family lycaenidae,Lycaenidae
family lycoperdaceae,Lycoperdaceae
family lycopodiaceae,Lycopodiaceae
family lycosidae,Lycosidae
family lygaeidae,Lygaeidae
family lymantriidae,Lymantriidae
family lythraceae,Lythraceae
family machilidae,Machilidae
family macropodidae,Macropodidae
family macrorhamphosidae,Macrorhamphosidae
family macrouridae,Macrouridae
family macruridae,Macrouridae
family magnoliaceae,Magnoliaceae
family majidae,Majidae
family malacanthidae,Malacanthidae
family malpighiaceae,Malpighiaceae
family malvaceae,Malvaceae
family mammutidae,Mammutidae
family manidae,Manidae
family manteidae,Mantidae
family mantidae,Mantidae
family mantispidae,Mantispidae
family marantaceae,Marantaceae
family marattiaceae,Marattiaceae
family marchantiaceae,Marchantiaceae
family marsileaceae,Marsileaceae
family martyniaceae,Martyniaceae
family mastodontidae,Mammutidae
family mastotermitidae,Mastotermitidae
family mayacaceae,Mayacaceae
family medicine,family practice
family megachilidae,Megachilidae
family megadermatidae,Megadermatidae
family megalonychidae,Megalonychidae
family megalosauridae,Megalosauridae
family megapodiidae,Megapodiidae
family megatheriidae,Megatheriidae
family melampsoraceae,Melampsoraceae
family melanthiaceae,Melanthiaceae
family melastomaceae,Melastomataceae
family melastomataceae,Melastomataceae
family meleagrididae,Meleagrididae
family meliaceae,Meliaceae
family meliphagidae,Meliphagidae
family meloidae,Meloidae
family membracidae,Membracidae
family menispermaceae,Menispermaceae
family menuridae,Menuridae
family menyanthaceae,Menyanthaceae
family meropidae,Meropidae
family micrococcaceae,Micrococcaceae
family microdesmidae,Microdesmidae
family microhylidae,Microhylidae
family mimidae,Mimidae
family mimosaceae,Mimosaceae
family miridae,Miridae
family mniaceae,Mniaceae
family mobulidae,Mobulidae
family molidae,Molidae
family molossidae,Molossidae
family momotidae,Momotidae
family moniliaceae,Moniliaceae
family monocanthidae,Monocanthidae
family monodontidae,Monodontidae
family monotropaceae,Monotropaceae
family moraceae,Moraceae
family morchellaceae,Morchellaceae
family motacillidae,Motacillidae
family mucoraceae,Mucoraceae
family mugilidae,Mugilidae
family mullidae,Mullidae
family muraenidae,Muraenidae
family muridae,Muridae
family musaceae,Musaceae
family muscicapidae,Muscicapidae
family muscidae,Muscidae
family musophagidae,Musophagidae
family mustelidae,Mustelidae
family mutillidae,Mutillidae
family myacidae,Myacidae
family mycetophylidae,Mycetophilidae
family mycobacteriaceae,Mycobacteriaceae
family mycoplasmataceae,Mycoplasmataceae
family myctophidae,Myctophidae
family myliobatidae,Myliobatidae
family mylodontidae,Mylodontidae
family myricaceae,Myricaceae
family myristicaceae,Myristicaceae
family myrmecophagidae,Myrmecophagidae
family myrmeleontidae,Myrmeleontidae
family myrsinaceae,Myrsinaceae
family myrtaceae,Myrtaceae
family mysidae,Mysidae
family mytilidae,Mytilidae
family myxinidae,Myxinidae
family myxobacteriaceae,Polyangiaceae
family myxophyceae,Myxophyceae
family naiadaceae,Naiadaceae
family najadaceae,Naiadaceae
family name,surname
family naticidae,Naticidae
family nautilidae,Nautilidae
family nepenthaceae,Nepenthaceae
family nephropsidae,Nephropsidae
family nepidae,Nepidae
family neritidae,Neritidae
family nidulariaceae,Nidulariaceae
family nitrobacteriaceae,Nitrobacteriaceae
family noctuidae,Noctuidae
family nostocaceae,Nostocaceae
family notonectidae,Notonectidae
family notoryctidae,Notoryctidae
family nummulitidae,Nummulitidae
family nyctaginaceae,Nyctaginaceae
family nymphaeaceae,Nymphaeaceae
family nymphalidae,Nymphalidae
family nyssaceae,Nyssaceae
family ochnaceae,Ochnaceae
family ochotonidae,Ochotonidae
family octopodidae,Octopodidae
family odobenidae,Odobenidae
family odontaspididae,Carchariidae
family oedogoniaceae,Oedogoniaceae
family oestridae,Oestridae
family ogcocephalidae,Ogcocephalidae
family oleaceae,Oleaceae
family oleandraceae,Oleandraceae
family onagraceae,Onagraceae
family oniscidae,Oniscidae
family ophidiidae,Ophidiidae
family ophiodontidae,Ophiodontidae
family ophioglossaceae,Ophioglossaceae
family opisthocomidae,Opisthocomidae
family opisthognathidae,Opisthognathidae
family orchestiidae,Orchestiidae
family orchidaceae,Orchidaceae
family orectolobidae,Orectolobidae
family oriolidae,Oriolidae
family ornithorhynchidae,Ornithorhynchidae
family orobanchaceae,Orobanchaceae
family orycteropodidae,Orycteropodidae
family oscillatoriaceae,Oscillatoriaceae
family osmeridae,Osmeridae
family osmundaceae,Osmundaceae
family osteoglossidae,Osteoglossidae
family ostraciidae,Ostraciidae
family ostraciontidae,Ostraciidae
family ostreidae,Ostreidae
family otariidae,Otariidae
family otididae,Otididae
family oxalidaceae,Oxalidaceae
family oxyuridae,Oxyuridae
family paeoniaceae,Paeoniaceae
family paguridae,Paguridae
family palaemonidae,Palaemonidae
family palinuridae,Palinuridae
family palmaceae,Palmae
family palmae,Palmae
family pandanaceae,Pandanaceae
family pandionidae,Pandionidae
family panorpidae,Panorpidae
family papaveraceae,Papaveraceae
family papilionacea,Papilionaceae
family paradisaeidae,Paradisaeidae
family paridae,Paridae
family parkeriaceae,Parkeriaceae
family parmeliaceae,Parmeliaceae
family parulidae,Parulidae
family passeridae,Passeridae
family passifloraceae,Passifloraceae
family patellidae,Patellidae
family pectinidae,Pectinidae
family pedaliaceae,Pedaliaceae
family pediculidae,Pediculidae
family pelecanidae,Pelecanidae
family pelecanoididae,Pelecanoididae
family pelobatidae,Pelobatidae
family pempheridae,Pempheridae
family peneidae,Peneidae
family pennatulidae,Pennatulidae
family peramelidae,Peramelidae
family percidae,Percidae
family percophidae,Percophidae
family peridiniidae,Peridiniidae
family peripatidae,Peripatidae
family peripatopsidae,Peripatopsidae
family peronosporaceae,Peronosporaceae
family pertusariaceae,Pertusariaceae
family petromyzontidae,Petromyzontidae
family pezizaceae,Pezizaceae
family phaethontidae,Phaethontidae
family phalacrocoracidae,Phalacrocoracidae
family phalangeridae,Phalangeridae
family phalangiidae,Phalangiidae
family phalaropidae,Phalaropidae
family phallaceae,Phallaceae
family phasianidae,Phasianidae
family phasmatidae,Phasmidae
family phasmidae,Phasmidae
family phillidae,Phyllidae
family phocidae,Phocidae
family phoenicopteridae,Phoenicopteridae
family phoeniculidae,Phoeniculidae
family pholadidae,Pholadidae
family pholidae,Pholidae
family pholididae,Pholidae
family phthiriidae,Phthiriidae
family phyllidae,Phyllidae
family phyllocladaceae,Phyllocladaceae
family phyllostomatidae,Phyllostomidae
family phyllostomidae,Phyllostomidae
family phylloxeridae,Phylloxeridae
family physeteridae,Physeteridae
family physidae,Physidae
family phytolaccaceae,Phytolaccaceae
family picidae,Picidae
family pieridae,Pieridae
family pinaceae,Pinaceae
family pinnotheridae,Pinnotheridae
family piperaceae,Piperaceae
family pipidae,Pipidae
family pipridae,Pipridae
family pittidae,Pittidae
family planning,birth control
family plantaginaceae,Plantaginaceae
family plasmodiidae,Plasmodiidae
family plasmodiophoraceae,Plasmodiophoraceae
family plataleidae,Plataleidae
family platanaceae,Platanaceae
family platanistidae,Platanistidae
family platycephalidae,Platycephalidae
family plethodontidae,Plethodontidae
family pleurobrachiidae,Pleurobrachiidae
family pleuronectidae,Pleuronectidae
family ploceidae,Ploceidae
family plumbaginaceae,Plumbaginaceae
family pluteaceae,Pluteaceae
family poaceae,Gramineae
family podargidae,Podargidae
family podicipedidae,Podicipedidae
family podocarpaceae,Podocarpaceae
family poeciliidae,Poeciliidae
family polemoniaceae,Polemoniaceae
family polyangiaceae,Polyangiaceae
family polygalaceae,Polygalaceae
family polygonaceae,Polygonaceae
family polynemidae,Polynemidae
family polyodontidae,Polyodontidae
family polypedatidae,Polypedatidae
family polypodiaceae,Polypodiaceae
family polyporaceae,Polyporaceae
family pomacentridae,Pomacentridae
family pomatomidae,Pomatomidae
family pongidae,Pongidae
family pontederiaceae,Pontederiaceae
family porcellionidae,Porcellionidae
family portulacaceae,Portulacaceae
family portunidae,Portunidae
family potamogalidae,Potamogalidae
family potamogetonaceae,Potamogetonaceae
family practice,family medicine
family priacanthidae,Priacanthidae
family primulaceae,Primulaceae
family pristidae,Pristidae
family procaviidae,Procaviidae
family procellariidae,Procellariidae
family procyonidae,Procyonidae
family proteaceae,Proteaceae
family proteidae,Proteidae
family prunellidae,Prunellidae
family pseudococcidae,Pseudococcidae
family pseudomonodaceae,Pseudomonodaceae
family psilophytaceae,Psilophytaceae
family psilotaceae,Psilotaceae
family psittacidae,Psittacidae
family psocidae,Psocidae
family psophiidae,Psophiidae
family psychodidae,Psychodidae
family psyllidae,Psyllidae
family pteridaceae,Pteridaceae
family pteriidae,Pteriidae
family pteroclididae,Pteroclididae
family pterodactylidae,Pterodactylidae
family ptilonorhynchidae,Ptilonorhynchidae
family pucciniaceae,Pucciniaceae
family pulicidae,Pulicidae
family punicaceae,Punicaceae
family pygopodidae,Pygopodidae
family pyralidae,Pyralidae
family pyralididae,Pyralidae
family pyrolaceae,Pyrolaceae
family pyrrhocoridae,Pyrrhocoridae
family pythiaceae,Pythiaceae
family pythonidae,Pythonidae
family rachycentridae,Rachycentridae
family rafflesiaceae,Rafflesiaceae
family rajidae,Rajidae
family rallidae,Rallidae
family ramphastidae,Ramphastidae
family ranidae,Ranidae
family ranunculaceae,Ranunculaceae
family rapateaceae,Rapateaceae
family raphidae,Raphidae
family raphidiidae,Raphidiidae
family recurvirostridae,Recurvirostridae
family reduviidae,Reduviidae
family regalecidae,Regalecidae
family relationship,kinship
family resedaceae,Resedaceae
family rhamnaceae,Rhamnaceae
family rheidae,Rheidae
family rhincodontidae,Rhincodontidae
family rhinobatidae,Rhinobatidae
family rhinocerotidae,Rhinocerotidae
family rhinolophidae,Rhinolophidae
family rhinotermitidae,Rhinotermitidae
family rhiptoglossa,Chamaeleontidae
family rhizobiaceae,Rhizobiaceae
family rhizophoraceae,Rhizophoraceae
family rhizopogonaceae,Rhizopogonaceae
family rhodymeniaceae,Rhodymeniaceae
family rhyniaceae,Rhyniaceae
family rickettsiaceae,Rickettsiaceae
family roccellaceae,Roccellaceae
family roridulaceae,Roridulaceae
family rosaceae,Rosaceae
family rubiaceae,Rubiaceae
family ruscaceae,Ruscaceae
family russulaceae,Russulaceae
family rutaceae,Rutaceae
family rynchopidae,Rynchopidae
family saccharomycetaceae,Saccharomycetaceae
family sagittariidae,Sagittariidae
family salamandridae,Salamandridae
family salicaceae,Salicaceae
family salmonidae,Salmonidae
family salpidae,Salpidae
family salvadoraceae,Salvadoraceae
family salviniaceae,Salviniaceae
family santalaceae,Santalaceae
family sapindaceae,Sapindaceae
family sapotaceae,Sapotaceae
family sarcoptidae,Sarcoptidae
family sarcoscyphaceae,Sarcoscyphaceae
family sarraceniaceae,Sarraceniaceae
family saturniidae,Saturniidae
family satyridae,Satyridae
family saururaceae,Saururaceae
family saxifragaceae,Saxifragaceae
family scarabaeidae,Scarabaeidae
family scaridae,Scaridae
family scheuchzeriaceae,Scheuchzeriaceae
family schistosomatidae,Schistosomatidae
family schizaeaceae,Schizaeaceae
family schizophyceae,Myxophyceae
family schizosaccharomycetaceae,Schizosaccharomycetaceae
family sciadopityaceae,Sciadopityaceae
family sciaenidae,Sciaenidae
family sciaridae,Sciaridae
family scincidae,Scincidae
family sciuridae,Sciuridae
family sclerodermataceae,Sclerodermataceae
family sclerotiniaceae,Sclerotiniaceae
family scolopacidae,Scolopacidae
family scolytidae,Scolytidae
family scomberesocidae,Scomberesocidae
family scombresocidae,Scomberesocidae
family scombridae,Scombridae
family scorpaenidae,Scorpaenidae
family scrophulariaceae,Scrophulariaceae
family scutigeridae,Scutigeridae
family scyliorhinidae,Scyliorhinidae
family secotiaceae,Secotiaceae
family selaginellaceae,Selaginellaceae
family sepiidae,Sepiidae
family septobasidiaceae,Septobasidiaceae
family serranidae,Serranidae
family sialidae,Sialidae
family sillaginidae,Sillaginidae
family siluridae,Siluridae
family simaroubaceae,Simaroubaceae
family simuliidae,Simuliidae
family sirenidae,Sirenidae
family sisyridae,Sisyridae
family sittidae,Sittidae
family solanaceae,Solanaceae
family soleidae,Soleidae
family solenidae,Solenidae
family soricidae,Soricidae
family spalacidae,Spalacidae
family sparganiaceae,Sparganiaceae
family sparidae,Sparidae
family sphaeriaceae,Sphaeriaceae
family sphaerobolaceae,Sphaerobolaceae
family sphaerocarpaceae,Sphaerocarpaceae
family sphecidae,Sphecidae
family spheniscidae,Spheniscidae
family sphingidae,Sphingidae
family sphyraenidae,Sphyraenidae
family sphyrnidae,Sphyrnidae
family spirillaceae,Spirillaceae
family spirochaetaceae,Spirochaetaceae
family spirulidae,Spirulidae
family squalidae,Squalidae
family squatinidae,Squatinidae
family squillidae,Squillidae
family staphylaceae,Staphylaceae
family staphylinidae,Staphylinidae
family steatornithidae,Steatornithidae
family stenopelmatidae,Stenopelmatidae
family stercorariidae,Stercorariidae
family sterculiaceae,Sterculiaceae
family stichaeidae,Stichaeidae
family stizidae,Stizidae
family strelitziaceae,Strelitziaceae
family streptomycetaceae,Streptomycetaceae
family strigidae,Strigidae
family stromateidae,Stromateidae
family strombidae,Strombidae
family strophariaceae,Strophariaceae
family struthionidae,Struthionidae
family sturnidae,Sturnidae
family styracaceae,Styracaceae
family suidae,Suidae
family sulidae,Sulidae
family sylviidae,Sylviidae
family symplocaceae,Symplocaceae
family synchytriaceae,Synchytriaceae
family syngnathidae,Syngnathidae
family synodontidae,Synodontidae
family tabanidae,Tabanidae
family taccaceae,Taccaceae
family tachinidae,Tachinidae
family tachyglossidae,Tachyglossidae
family taeniidae,Taeniidae
family talpidae,Talpidae
family tamaricaceae,Tamaricaceae
family tapiridae,Tapiridae
family tarsiidae,Tarsiidae
family taxaceae,Taxaceae
family tayassuidae,Tayassuidae
family tecophilaeacea,Tecophilaeacea
family teiidae,Teiidae
family tenebrionidae,Tenebrionidae
family tenrecidae,Tenrecidae
family tenthredinidae,Tenthredinidae
family terebellidae,Terebellidae
family teredinidae,Teredinidae
family termitidae,Termitidae
family testudinidae,Testudinidae
family tethyidae,Aplysiidae
family tetragoniaceae,Aizoaceae
family tetranychidae,Tetranychidae
family tetraodontidae,Tetraodontidae
family tetraonidae,Tetraonidae
family tettigoniidae,Tettigoniidae
family theaceae,Theaceae
family thelephoraceae,Thelephoraceae
family thelypteridaceae,Thelypteridaceae
family theophrastaceae,Theophrastaceae
family theraphosidae,Theraphosidae
family theridiidae,Theridiidae
family thiobacteriaceae,Thiobacteriaceae
family thraupidae,Thraupidae
family threskiornithidae,Threskiornithidae
family thripidae,Thripidae
family thymelaeaceae,Thymelaeaceae
family tiliaceae,Tiliaceae
family tilletiaceae,Tilletiaceae
family timaliidae,Timaliidae
family tinamidae,Tinamidae
family tineidae,Tineidae
family tingidae,Tingidae
family tipulidae,Tipulidae
family titanosauridae,Titanosauridae
family todidae,Todidae
family torpedinidae,Torpedinidae
family tortricidae,Tortricidae
family toxotidae,Toxotidae
family trachipteridae,Trachipteridae
family tragulidae,Tragulidae
family trapaceae,Trapaceae
family tree,genealogy
family tremellaceae,Tremellaceae
family trephritidae,Trypetidae
family treponemataceae,Treponemataceae
family triakidae,Triakidae
family tribonemaceae,Tribonemaceae
family trichechidae,Trichechidae
family trichiuridae,Trichiuridae
family trichodontidae,Trichodontidae
family tricholomataceae,Tricholomataceae
family tridacnidae,Tridacnidae
family triglidae,Triglidae
family trilliaceae,Trilliaceae
family trionychidae,Trionychidae
family triopidae,Triopidae
family trochilidae,Trochilidae
family troglodytidae,Troglodytidae
family trogonidae,Trogonidae
family trombiculidae,Trombiculidae
family trombidiidae,Trombidiidae
family tropaeolaceae,Tropaeolaceae
family trypetidae,Trypetidae
family tuberaceae,Tuberaceae
family tuberculariaceae,Tuberculariaceae
family tulostomaceae,Tulostomaceae
family tulostomataceae,Tulostomaceae
family tupaiidae,Tupaiidae
family turdidae,Turdidae
family turnicidae,Turnicidae
family tylenchidae,Tylenchidae
family typhaceae,Typhaceae
family typhlopidae,Typhlopidae
family tytonidae,Tytonidae
family uintatheriidae,Uintatheriidae
family ulmaceae,Ulmaceae
family ulvaceae,Ulvaceae
family umbelliferae,Umbelliferae
family unionidae,Unionidae
family unit,family
family upupidae,Upupidae
family uranoscopidae,Uranoscopidae
family ursidae,Ursidae
family urticaceae,Urticaceae
family usneaceae,Usneaceae
family ustilaginaceae,Ustilaginaceae
family valerianaceae,Valerianaceae
family varanidae,Varanidae
family veneridae,Veneridae
family verbenaceae,Verbenaceae
family vespertilionidae,Vespertilionidae
family vespidae,Vespidae
family violaceae,Violaceae
family viperidae,Viperidae
family vireonidae,Vireonidae
family viscaceae,Viscaceae
family vitaceae,Vitaceae
family vittariaceae,Vittariaceae
family viverridae,Viverridae
family viverrinae,Viverridae
family volvariaceae,Volvariaceae
family volvocaceae,Volvocaceae
family vombatidae,Vombatidae
family welwitschiaceae,Welwitschiaceae
family winteraceae,Winteraceae
family xanthorrhoeaceae,Xanthorrhoeaceae
family xantusiidae,Xantusiidae
family xenicidae,Xenicidae
family xenopodidae,Xenopodidae
family xenosauridae,Xenosauridae
family xiphiidae,Xiphiidae
family xylariaceae,Xylariaceae
family xyridaceae,Xyridaceae
family zamiaceae,Zamiaceae
family zannichelliaceae,Zannichelliaceae
family zapodidae,Zapodidae
family zeidae,Zeidae
family zingiberaceae,Zingiberaceae
family ziphiidae,Ziphiidae
family zoarcidae,Zoarcidae
family zosteraceae,Zosteraceae
family zygnemataceae,Zygnemataceae
family zygophyllaceae,Zygophyllaceae
famine,dearth
famishment,starvation
famotidine,Pepcid
famous person,celebrity
fan,sports fan
fan-jet,fanjet
fan fern,umbrella fern
fan tan,fantan
fanaloka,Fossa fossa
fanaticism,fanatism
fanatism,fanaticism
fancier,enthusiast
fanconi's anaemia,Fanconi's anemia
fancy-dress ball,masked ball
fancy dress,masquerade
fancy man,pimp
fancy woman,prostitute
fancywork,embroidery
fanfare,ostentation
fanjet,fan-jet
fanjet engine,fanjet
fanlight,transom
fannie farmer,Farmer
fannie mae,Federal National Mortgage Association
fannie merritt farmer,Farmer
fanny,buttocks
fanny adams,bugger all
fanny pack,butt pack
fanny wright,Wright
fantan,fan tan
fantasm,apparition
fantast,futurist
fantasy,phantasy
fantasy life,phantasy life
fantasy world,phantasy world
fanweed,field pennycress
fanwort,water-shield
fao,Food and Agriculture Organization
faqir,fakir
faquir,fakir
farad,F
farawayness,farness
farc,Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia
farce,farce comedy
farce comedy,farce
fare,menu
farewell,word of farewell
farfalle,bowtie pasta
farkleberry,sparkleberry
farley maidenhair fern,Farley maidenhair
farm-place,farmplace
farm animal,livestock
farm cheese,cottage cheese
farm club,farm team
farm horse,dobbin
farm team,farm club
farm worker,farmhand
farmer,husbandman
farmer's calendar,almanac
farmer's cheese,cottage cheese
farmer's lung,thresher's lung
farmer's market,green market
farmhand,fieldhand
farming area,farmland
farmland,farming area
farmplace,farm-place
farmstead,farmplace
farness,remoteness
faroes,Faroe Islands
farrago,odds and ends
farrier,horseshoer
farrow,farrowing
farrowing,farrow
farsightedness,presbyopia
fart,farting
farting,fart
faruk i,Farouk I
fas,fetal alcohol syndrome
fascia,facia
fascicle,fascicule
fascicule,fascicle
fasciculus,fiber bundle
fascination,captivation
fasciola hepatica,liver fluke
fascioliasis,fasciolosis
fasciolosis,fascioliasis
fashion,manner
fashion arbiter,trend-setter
fashion business,apparel industry
fashion consultant,fashionmonger
fashion designer,couturier
fashion industry,apparel industry
fashion model,mannequin
fashion plate,dandy
fashioning,devising
fashionmonger,fashion consultant
fast buck,quick buck
fast of ab,Tishah b'Av
fast of av,Tishah b'Av
fast one,trick
fastball,heater
fastener,fastening
fastening,fastener
fasting,fast
fastness,speed
fat cell,adipose cell
fat chance,slim chance
fat hen,good-king-henry
fat person,fatso
fat tuesday,Mardi Gras
fatah,al-Fatah
fatah-rc,Fatah Revolutionary Council
fatal accident,casualty
fatality,human death
fatality rate,deathrate
fate,destiny
fathead,goof
father,male parent
father-god,Father
father christmas,Santa Claus
father figure,father surrogate
father of radio,De Forest
father of the church,Church Father
father of the submarine,Bushnell
father surrogate,father figure
fatherhood,paternity
fatherland,homeland
fatherliness,paternal quality
fathom,fthm
fathometer,sonic depth finder
fatigue,weariness
fatigue duty,fatigue
fatigue fracture,stress fracture
fatigues,fatigue
fatihah,Fatiha
fatimah,Fatima
fatism,fattism
fatness,fat
fats domino,Domino
fats waller,Waller
fatso,fatty
fattiness,adiposity
fattism,fatism
fatty oil,fixed oil
fatty tissue,adipose tissue
fatuity,absurdity
fatuousness,absurdity
faucet,spigot
faucial tonsil,tonsil
fault,mistake
faultfinder,cynic
faultiness,defectiveness
faulting,fault
faultlessness,impeccability
fauna,zoology
fausto paolo sozzini,Socinus
faustus,Faust
faustus socinus,Socinus
fauvist,Fauve
faux pas,gaffe
fava bean,broad bean
favor,favour
favorable position,superiority
favorable reception,approval
favorableness,favourableness
favoritism,favouritism
favour,favor
favourable position,superiority
favourable reception,approval
favourableness,favorableness
favouritism,favoritism
fawn,dun
fawn lily,Erythronium californicum
fawner,apple polisher
fax,facsimile
fay,fairy
fbi,Federal Bureau of Investigation
fbi agent,G-man
fcc,Federal Communications Commission
fcs,Farm Credit System
fda,Food and Drug Administration
fdic,Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
fdr,Roosevelt
fe,iron
feabane mullet,fleabane
fealty,allegiance
fear,fearfulness
fearfulness,fear
fearlessness,bravery
feasibility,feasibleness
feasibleness,feasibility
feast,banquet
feast day,fete day
feast of booths,Succoth
feast of dedication,Hanukkah
feast of dormition,Dormition
feast of lights,Hanukkah
feast of sacrifice,Id al-Adha
feast of tabernacles,Succoth
feast of the circumcision,Circumcision
feast of the dedication,Hanukkah
feast of the unleavened bread,Passover
feast of weeks,Shavous
feasting,banqueting
feat,effort
feather,plume
feather-foil,featherfoil
feather ball,Mammillaria plumosa
feather bed,featherbed
feather boa,boa
feather geranium,Jerusalem oak
feather reed grass,feathertop
feather star,comatulid
featherbed,feather bed
featherfoil,feather-foil
featheriness,downiness
feathering,feather
feathertop,feathertop grass
feathertop grass,feathertop
feature,characteristic
feature article,feature
feature film,feature
feature of speech,feature
feb,February
feb 2,Candlemas
febricity,fever
febrifuge,antipyretic
febrility,fever
february 12,Lincoln's Birthday
february 14,Valentine Day
february 2,Groundhog Day
february 22,Washington's Birthday
february 29,leap day
february daphne,mezereon
february revolution,Russian Revolution
fecal matter,faecal matter
fecal occult test,faecal occult test
fecalith,coprolith
feces,fecal matter
fecundation,fertilization
fecundity,fruitfulness
fed,Federal
federal agency,agency
federal agent,agent
federal democratic republic of ethiopia,Ethiopia
federal department,federal office
federal islamic republic of the comoros,Comoros
federal job safety law,occupational safety and health act
federal office,federal department
federal official,Federal
federal party,Federalist Party
federal republic of germany,West Germany
federal republic of nigeria,Nigeria
federal republic of yugoslavia,Serbia and Montenegro
federal reserve,Federal Reserve System
federal reserve note,bill
federal savings bank,FSB
federal security service,Federal Security Bureau
federal soldier,Federal
federalisation,federalization
federalization,federalisation
federated states of micronesia,Micronesia
federation,confederation
federation of saint kitts and nevis,Saint Kitts and Nevis
federation of tribes,tribe
federative republic of brazil,Brazil
federico fellini,Fellini
federita,feterita
fedora,felt hat
feebleness,infirmity
feed,provender
feed bunk,bunk
feedback circuit,feedback loop
feedback loop,feedback circuit
feedbag,nosebag
feeder,eater
feeding,eating
feeding bottle,bottle
feeding chair,highchair
feel,spirit
feeler,antenna
feeling,impression
feeling of movement,kinesthesia
feelings,feeling
feigning,pretense
feijoa,feijoa bush
feijoa bush,feijoa
feist,fice
felafel,falafel
feldene,piroxicam
feldspar,felspar
felicia amelloides,blue daisy
felicia bergeriana,kingfisher daisy
felicitation,congratulation
felicitousness,felicity
felicity,felicitousness
felid,feline
felis bengalensis,leopard cat
felis catus,domestic cat
felis chaus,jungle cat
felis concolor,cougar
felis domesticus,domestic cat
felis manul,manul
felis ocreata,kaffir cat
felis onca,jaguar
felis pardalis,ocelot
felis serval,serval
felis silvestris,European wildcat
felis tigrina,tiger cat
felis wiedi,margay
felis yagouaroundi,jaguarundi
felix klein,Klein
felix mendelssohn,Mendelssohn
feliz lusitania,Belem
fella,chap
fellata,Fulani
fellatio,fellation
fellation,fellatio
felled seam,fell
feller,lumberman
felloe,felly
fellow,chap
fellow feeling,sympathy
fellow member,member
fellow traveler,fellow traveller
fellow traveller,fellow traveler
fellow worker,colleague
fellowship,family
felly,felloe
felo-de-se,suicide
felon,criminal
felspar,feldspar
felt-tip pen,felt-tipped pen
felt-tipped pen,felt-tip pen
felt fern,tongue fern
felt fungus,Septobasidium pseudopedicellatum
felt hat,fedora
felt tip,felt-tip pen
felwort,gentianella amarella
fema,Federal Emergency Management Agency
female chest,bust
female child,girl
female circumcision,clitoridectomy
female genital organ,female genitalia
female genitalia,female genitals
female genitals,female genitalia
female horse,mare
female monarch,queen
female parent,mother
female person,female
femaleness,feminineness
feminineness,femaleness
femininity,muliebrity
feminisation,feminization
feminism,feminist movement
feminist movement,feminism
feminization,feminisation
femme fatale,enchantress
femoral artery,arteria femoralis
femoral biceps,musculus biceps femoris
femoral nerve,nervus femoralis
femoral vein,vena femoralis
femoris,femur
femtometer,femtometre
femtometre,femtometer
femur,thighbone
fen,marsh
fen orchid,fen orchis
fen orchis,fen orchid
fence,fencing
fence rail,split rail
fencer,swordsman
fencer's mask,fencing mask
fencesitter,mugwump
fencing,fence
fencing mask,fencer's mask
fencing material,fencing
fencing stick,singlestick
fender,wing
fenestella,lunette
fenestra cochleae,fenestra rotunda
fenestra of the cochlea,fenestra rotunda
fenestra of the vestibule,fenestra ovalis
fenestra ovalis,fenestra vestibuli
fenestra rotunda,fenestra cochleae
fenestra vestibuli,fenestra ovalis
fengtien,Shenyang
fenland,marsh
fennel,Florence fennel
fennel flower,Nigella hispanica
fenoprofen,fenoprofen calcium
fenoprofen calcium,fenoprofen
fenugreek,Greek clover
fenugreek seed,fenugreek
fenusa pusilla,birch leaf miner
feodor dostoevski,Dostoyevsky
feodor dostoevsky,Dostoyevsky
feodor dostoyevsky,Dostoyevsky
feodor mikhailovich dostoevski,Dostoyevsky
feodor mikhailovich dostoevsky,Dostoyevsky
feodor mikhailovich dostoyevsky,Dostoyevsky
feoff,fief
fer-de-lance,Bothrops atrops
feral man,wild man
ferdinand de lesseps,Lesseps
ferdinand de saussure,de Saussure
ferdinand joseph la menthe morton,Morton
ferdinand julius cohn,Cohn
ferdinand magellan,Magellan
ferdinand of aragon,Ferdinand
ferdinand the catholic,Ferdinand
ferdinand the great,Ferdinand I
ferdinand v,Ferdinand
ferdinand victor eugene delacroix,Delacroix
fere phenomenon,galvanic skin response
ferenc molnar,Molnar
ferment,agitation
fermentation,agitation
fermentation alcohol,ethyl alcohol
fermenting,zymosis
fermentologist,enologist
fermi,femtometer
fermium,Fm
fern palm,false sago
fern rhapis,miniature fan palm
fernand leger,Leger
fernao magalhaes,Magellan
ferociousness,brutality
ferocity,fierceness
ferret,black-footed ferret
ferroconcrete,reinforced concrete
ferrule,collet
ferry,ferryboat
ferryboat,ferry
ferrying,ferry
fertile period,fertile phase
fertile phase,fertile period
fertilisation,fertilization
fertiliser,fertilizer
fertility,birthrate
fertility rate,birthrate
fertilization,fertilisation
fertilization age,fetal age
fertilized egg,embryo
fertilized ovum,zygote
fertilizer,fertiliser
fervency,ardor
fervidness,ardor
fervor,ardor
fervour,excitement
fes,Fez
fescue,fescue grass
fescue grass,fescue
fess,fesse
fesse,fess
fester,suppurating sore
festering,suppuration
festival,fete
festival of lights,Hanukkah
festivity,celebration
festoon,festoonery
festoonery,festoon
festuca elatior,fescue
festuca ovina,sheep fescue
fet,field-effect transistor
fetal age,fertilization age
fetal alcohol syndrome,FAS
fetal circulation,foetal circulation
fetal distress,foetal distress
fetal monitor,electronic fetal monitor
fetal movement,foetal movement
fete,feast
fete champetre,garden party
fete day,feast day
feterita,federita
fetich,juju
fetichism,fetishism
feticide,aborticide
fetid bugbane,foetid bugbane
fetid horehound,black horehound
fetidness,malodorousness
fetish,juju
fetishism,fetichism
fetlock,fetlock joint
fetlock joint,fetlock
fetology,foetology
fetometry,foetometry
fetoprotein,foetoprotein
fetor,malodor
fetoscope,foetoscope
fetoscopy,foetoscopy
fetter,hobble
fetter bone,pastern
fetter bush,fetterbush
fetterbush,mountain fetterbush
fettuccine,fettuccini
fettuccini,fettuccine
fetus,foetus
feudal lord,seigneur
feudal lordship,seigniory
feudal system,feudalism
feudalism,feudal system
fever,febrility
fever blister,oral herpes
fever tree,Georgia bark
feverfew,Tanacetum parthenium
feverishness,fever
feverroot,horse gentian
few-flowered leek,Allium paradoxum
fha,Federal Housing Administration
fhlmc,Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
fiance,groom-to-be
fiancee,bride-to-be
fiasco,debacle
fiat,decree
fib,story
fibber,storyteller
fibbing,paltering
fiber,fibre
fiber-optic transmission system,fibre-optic transmission system
fiber bundle,fibre bundle
fiber optic cable,fibre optic cable
fiber optics,fiberoptics
fiberboard,fibreboard
fiberglass,fibreglass
fiberoptics,fiber optics
fibre,fiber
fibre-optic transmission system,fiber-optic transmission system
fibre bundle,fiber bundle
fibre optic cable,fiber optic cable
fibre optics,fiber optics
fibreboard,fiberboard
fibreglass,fiberglass
fibreoptics,fiber optics
fibril,filament
fibrinase,factor XIII
fibrinogen,factor I
fibrinolysin,plasmin
fibrocystic breast disease,fibrocystic disease of the breast
fibrocystic disease of the breast,fibrocystic breast disease
fibrocystic disease of the pancreas,cystic fibrosis
fibroid,fibroid tumor
fibroid tumor,fibroid
fibrosity,fibrousness
fibrous joint,suture
fibrousness,fibrosity
fibrovascular bundle,vascular bundle
fibula,calf bone
fibular vein,peroneal vein
fice,feist
fickleness,faithlessness
fiction,fabrication
fictional character,fictitious character
fictionalisation,fictionalization
fictionalization,fictionalisation
fictitious character,fictional character
fictitious name,assumed name
fictitious place,imaginary place
ficus aurea,golden fig
ficus bengalensis,banyan
ficus carica,fig
ficus carica sylvestris,caprifig
ficus deltoidea,mistletoe fig
ficus diversifolia,mistletoe fig
ficus elastica,India-rubber tree
ficus religiosa,pipal
ficus rubiginosa,Port Jackson fig
ficus sycomorus,sycamore
fiddle,violin
fiddle-faddle,balderdash
fiddlehead,ostrich fern
fiddlehead fern,cinnamon fern
fiddleneck,Phacelia tanacetifolia
fiddler,violinist
fiddlestick,violin bow
fidel castro,Castro
fidel castro ruz,Castro
fidelity,faithfulness
fidget,fidgetiness
fidgetiness,fidget
fief,feoff
field,battlefield
field-effect transistor,FET
field-grade officer,field officer
field-pea plant,field pea
field-sequential color television,field-sequential color TV
field-sequential color television system,field-sequential color television
field-sequential color tv,field-sequential color television
field-sequential color tv system,field-sequential color television
field artillery,field gun
field balm,ground ivy
field bean,broad bean
field bindweed,wild morning-glory
field brome,Bromus arvensis
field chamomile,corn chamomile
field chickweed,field mouse-ear
field coil,field winding
field cricket,Acheta assimilis
field day,outing
field garlic,crow garlic
field general,quarterback
field glass,glass
field glasses,binoculars
field goal,basket
field gun,field artillery
field hand,farmhand
field hockey,hockey
field horsetail,common horsetail
field house,sports arena
field hut,hut
field intensity,field strength
field line,line of force
field lupine,white lupine
field maple,hedge maple
field marigold,corn marigold
field mint,corn mint
field mouse,vole
field mouse-ear,field chickweed
field mushroom,meadow mushroom
field mustard,wild mustard
field of battle,battlefield
field of force,field
field of honor,battlefield
field of operation,field
field of operations,field
field of regard,visual field
field of study,discipline
field of view,field
field of vision,visual field
field officer,field-grade officer
field pansy,heartsease
field pea,field-pea plant
field pennycress,French weed
field poppy,corn poppy
field sandbur,sandbur
field scabious,Scabiosa arvensis
field sparrow,Spizella pusilla
field speedwell,Veronica agrestis
field sport,outdoor sport
field strength,field intensity
field test,field trial
field thistle,Cirsium discolor
field trial,field test
field winding,field coil
field wormwood,Artemisia campestris
fielder,fieldsman
fieldfare,snowbird
fieldhand,farmhand
fieldmouse,field mouse
fieldsman,fielder
fiend,monster
fierceness,ferocity
fieriness,red heat
fiesta,fete
fiesta flower,Pholistoma auritum
fifo,first in first out
fifth column,Trojan horse
fifth columnist,saboteur
fifth cranial nerve,trigeminal
fifth part,one-fifth
fifth wheel,deadwood
fifties,1950s
fifty-cent piece,half dollar
fifty dollar bill,fifty
fig,figure
fig marigold,pebble plant
fig moth,almond moth
fig wax,gondang wax
figeater,green June beetle
fight,battle
fighter,combatant
fighter aircraft,fighter
fighting cock,gamecock
fighting french,Free French
fighting joe hooker,Hooker
figure,fig
figure eight,figure of eight
figure loom,figured-fabric loom
figure of eight,figure eight
figure of speech,trope
figured-fabric loom,figure loom
figured bass,basso continuo
figurehead,front man
figurer,calculator
figurine,statuette
figuring,calculation
figwort family,Scrophulariaceae
fijis,Fiji Islands
filago,cotton rose
filago germanica,herba impia
filagree,filigree
filament,fibril
filaree,redstem storksbill
filaria,redstem storksbill
filbert,cobnut
file,data file
file cabinet,file
file clerk,filing clerk
file name,filename
file name extension,extension
file system,filing system
file transfer protocol,FTP
filename,file name
filename extension,extension
filer,file clerk
filet,fillet
filet de boeuf en croute,beef Wellington
filiation,descent
filibuster,filibusterer
filibusterer,filibuster
filicinae,Filicopsida
filigree,filagree
filing cabinet,file
filing clerk,file clerk
filing system,file system
filippino lippi,Lippi
filippo brunelleschi,Brunelleschi
fill,filling
fill-in,stand-in
fillagree,filigree
fille,girl
fille de chambre,chambermaid
filler,makeweight
fillet,filet
fillet of sole,sole
filling,fill
filling station,gasoline station
fillip,bonus
film,movie
film director,director
film editing,cutting
film fern,filmy fern
film industry,movie industry
film maker,filmmaker
film making,moviemaking
film producer,film maker
film projector,movie projector
film star,movie star
film writer,screenwriter
filmdom,screenland
filming,cinematography
filmmaker,film maker
filmy fern,bristle fern
fils,Yemeni fils
filth,crud
filthiness,filth
filum,filament
fin,five
fin whale,finback
finagler,wangler
final decision,final judgment
final exam,final examination
final examination,final exam
final injunction,permanent injunction
final judgment,final decision
final payment,payoff
final result,result
final solution,Holocaust
final stage,end
finale,coda
finalisation,finalization
finality,conclusiveness
finalization,finalisation
finance minister,minister of finance
finances,funds
financial aid,aid
financial analyst,securities analyst
financial backing,support
financial institution,financial organization
financial obligation,indebtedness
financial officer,treasurer
financial organisation,financial institution
financial organization,financial institution
financial statement,statement
financial support,support
financial year,fiscal year
financier,moneyman
financing,funding
finback,finback whale
finback whale,finback
fincen,Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
find,discovery
finder,discoverer
finding,determination
finding of fact,verdict
finding of law,conclusion of law
findings,determination
fine-leaved heath,bell heather
fine-tooth comb,fine-toothed comb
fine-toothed comb,fine-tooth comb
fine art,art
fine arts,beaux arts
fine print,small print
fineness,choiceness
finesse,delicacy
finger,fingerbreadth
finger's breadth,finger
finger-flower,common foxglove
finger-pointing,fingerpointing
finger-root,common foxglove
finger alphabet,manual alphabet
finger cymbals,bones
finger grass,crabgrass
finger millet,ragi
finger paint,fingerpaint
finger plate,escutcheon
finger scan,finger scanning
finger scanning,finger scan
finger spelling,fingerspelling
fingerboard,fingerpost
fingerbreadth,finger
fingerflower,common foxglove
fingermark,fingerprint
fingerpaint,finger paint
fingerpointing,finger-pointing
fingerpost,fingerboard
fingerprint,fingermark
fingerprint expert,fingerprint specialist
fingerprint man,fingerprint expert
fingerprint specialist,fingerprint expert
fingerroot,common foxglove
fingerspelling,finger spelling
fingerstall,cot
finis,stopping point
finish,coating
finish coat,finishing coat
finish line,finishing line
finisher,closer
finishing,coating
finishing coat,finish coat
finishing line,finish line
finishing touch,capstone
finiteness,finitude
finitude,finiteness
fink,snitch
finnan,finnan haddie
finnan haddie,finnan haddock
finnan haddock,finnan haddie
finnic,Fennic
finnish capital,Helsinki
finnish mark,markka
finno-ugrian,Finno-Ugric
finocchio,fennel
fiord,fjord
fipple flute,fipple pipe
fipple pipe,fipple flute
fir,fir tree
fir clubmoss,mountain clubmoss
fir tree,fir
fire,firing
fire-bellied toad,Bombina bombina
fire-bush,marmalade bush
fire-eater,fireman
fire-on-the-mountain,painted leaf
fire-raising,arson
fire-swallower,fire-eater
fire-wheel,blanket flower
fire-worship,pyrolatry
fire alarm,smoke alarm
fire beetle,firefly
fire blight,pear blight
fire brigade,fire company
fire bush,marmalade bush
fire chief,fire marshal
fire company,fire brigade
fire engine,fire truck
fire escape,emergency exit
fire extinguisher,extinguisher
fire fighter,fireman
fire hook,poker
fire hydrant,fireplug
fire marshal,fire chief
fire opal,girasol
fire pink,Silene virginica
fire salamander,spotted salamander
fire screen,fireguard
fire station,firehouse
fire thorn,Pyracantha
fire tongs,coal tongs
fire tree,flame tree
fire truck,fire engine
fire warden,forest fire fighter
fire wheel,blanket flower
firearm,piece
fireball,bolide
firebird,scarlet tanager
firebomb,incendiary bomb
firebrand,brand
firebrat,Thermobia domestica
firebreak,fireguard
firebug,arsonist
firecracker,cracker
firedog,andiron
firedrake,dragon
firefighter,fireman
firefly,fire beetle
fireguard,firebreak
firehouse,fire station
firelock,flintlock
fireman,stoker
fireman's ax,fireman's axe
fireman's axe,fireman's ax
fireplace,hearth
fireplug,fire hydrant
fireroom,stokehold
fireside,hearth
firethorn,Pyracantha
fireweed,giant willowherb
firewheel tree,wheel tree
firework,pyrotechnic
firing,fire
firing chamber,gun chamber
firing mechanism,gunlock
firing off,discharge
firing party,firing squad
firing range,target range
firing squad,firing party
firmament,celestial sphere
firmiana simplex,Chinese parasol tree
firmness,soundness
firmness of purpose,resoluteness
firmware,microcode
first-class honours degree,first
first-class mail,first class
first appearance,introduction
first balcony,mezzanine
first baron beveridge,Beveridge
first baron kelvin,Kelvin
first baron lytton,Lytton
first baron macaulay,Macaulay
first baron marks of broughton,Marks
first baron passfield,Webb
first baron rutherford,Rutherford
first baron rutherford of nelson,Rutherford
first baron tennyson,Tennyson
first base,first
first baseman,first sacker
first battle of ypres,Ypres
first cause,prime mover
first council of constantinople,Constantinople
first council of lyons,Lyons
first council of nicaea,Nicaea
first cousin,cousin
first cranial nerve,olfactory nerve
first derivative,derived function
first duke of marlborough,Churchill
first duke of wellington,Wellington
first earl kitchener of khartoum,Kitchener
first earl of beaconsfield,Disraeli
first earl of chatham,Pitt
first earl of orford,Walpole
first earl wavell,Wavell
first epistle to the corinthians,First Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Corinthians
first epistle to the thessalonians,First Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Thessalonians
first epistle to timothy,First Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Timothy
first estate,Lords Spiritual
first floor,ground floor
first gear,first
first harmonic,fundamental
first in first out,FIFO
first language,mother tongue
first law of motion,Newton's first law of motion
first law of thermodynamics,conservation of energy
first lieutenant,1st lieutenant
first light,dawn
first lord of the treasury,Treasury
first marquess cornwallis,Cornwallis
first mate,mate
first moment,arithmetic mean
first name,given name
first of may,May Day
first principle,rudiment
first rudiment,rudiment
first sacker,first baseman
first sergeant,sergeant first class
first state,Delaware
first step,initiative
first stomach,rumen
first team,varsity
first viscount haldane of cloan,Haldane
first viscount nuffield,Nuffield
first visual area,striate cortex
first world war,World War I
fisa,Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act
fiscal year,financial year
fish,Pisces
fish-fly,fish fly
fish-liver oil,fish oil
fish-worship,ichthyolatry
fish ball,gefilte fish
fish bowl,goldfish bowl
fish cake,fish ball
fish doctor,Gymnelis viridis
fish duck,merganser
fish eagle,osprey
fish filet,fillet
fish fillet,fillet
fish finger,fish stick
fish fly,fish-fly
fish fuddle,Jamaica dogwood
fish geranium,bedding geranium
fish hawk,osprey
fish lure,fisherman's lure
fish oil,fish-liver oil
fish stick,fish finger
fish tank,aquarium
fishbowl,goldfish bowl
fisher,fisherman
fisher cat,fisher
fisherman,fisher
fisherman's knot,true lover's knot
fisherman's lure,fish lure
fishery,piscary
fisheye lens,wide-angle lens
fishgig,spear
fishing,sportfishing
fishing boat,fishing smack
fishing eagle,Haliaeetus leucorhyphus
fishing gear,tackle
fishing licence,fishing license
fishing license,fishing licence
fishing net,fishnet
fishing permit,fishing license
fishing pole,fishing rod
fishing rig,fishing gear
fishing rod,fishing pole
fishing smack,fishing boat
fishing tackle,fishing gear
fishing vessel,fishing boat
fishing worm,earthworm
fishmonger,fishwife
fishnet,fishing net
fishpole bamboo,gosan-chiku
fishtail bit,blade bit
fishwife,fishmonger
fishworm,earthworm
fission,nuclear fission
fission bomb,atom bomb
fissiped,fissiped mammal
fissiped mammal,fissiped
fissure,crevice
fissurella apertura,keyhole limpet
fist,clenched fist
fistfight,fisticuffs
fistful,handful
fisticuffs,fistfight
fistula,fistulous withers
fistulina hepatica,beefsteak fungus
fistulous withers,fistula
fitch,polecat
fitfulness,jerkiness
fitness,fittingness
fitted sheet,contour sheet
fittingness,fitness
five-finger,cinquefoil
five-fingered maidenhair fern,American maidenhair fern
five-flowered gentian,agueweed
five-hitter,5-hitter
five-point bishop's cap,Mitella pentandra
five-spot,fiver
five-star admiral,fleet admiral
five dollar bill,fiver
five iron,mashie
five nations,Iroquois League
fiver,five-spot
fives,five
fivesome,five
fix,hole
fix-it shop,repair shop
fixation,arrested development
fixed-point notation,fixed-point representation system
fixed-point part,mantissa
fixed-point representation system,fixed-point notation
fixed-width font,typewriter font
fixed charge,fixed cost
fixed cost,fixed charge
fixed costs,fixed charge
fixed disk,hard disc
fixed investment trust,nondiscretionary trust
fixed oil,fatty oil
fixed storage,read-only memory
fixedness,stationariness
fixer,influence peddler
fixing,repair
fixing agent,fixer
fixings,ingredient
fixity,fastness
fixture,regular
fizgig,spear
fizzle,hiss
fjord,fiord
fl,Florida
flabbiness,limpness
flaccidity,flabbiness
flack,flak catcher
flack catcher,flak catcher
flacourtia family,Flacourtiaceae
flacourtia indica,governor's plum
flag,masthead
flag-waver,chauvinist
flag of truce,white flag
flag stop,whistle stop
flag waving,jingoism
flagellata,Mastigophora
flagellate protozoan,flagellate
flagellated protozoan,flagellate
flagellation,whipping
flagellum,scourge
flageolet,haricot
flagfish,American flagfish
flagpole,range pole
flagroot,sweet flag
flagstone,flag
flagyl,metronidazole
flair,genius
flak,flak catcher
flak catcher,flak
flake,snowflake
flakiness,craziness
flamboyance,floridness
flamboyant tree,pride of barbados
flame,fire
flame-flower,kniphofia
flame bush,coral bush
flame durrajong,flame tree
flame fish,flamefish
flame flower,kniphofia
flame nettle,coleus
flame stitch,bargello
flame tree,fire tree
flamefish,flame fish
flameflower,kniphofia
flamenco,gypsy dancing
flaming poppy,wind poppy
flamingo flower,flamingo plant
flamingo plant,flamingo flower
flammability,inflammability
flammulina velutipes,winter mushroom
flanders poppy,corn poppy
flange,rim
flank,wing
flanker,flanker back
flanker back,flanker
flannel,washcloth
flannel-cake,pancake
flannel bush,flannelbush
flannel cake,pancake
flannel leaf,mullein
flannel mullein,common mullein
flannelbush,flannel bush
flannery o'connor,O'Connor
flap,dither
flapcake,pancake
flapjack,pancake
flapping,flap
flaps,flap
flare,flair
flare-up,outburst
flare pass,flare
flash bulb,flash
flash butt welding,flash welding
flash card,flashcard
flash flood,flashflood
flash lamp,flash
flash point,flashpoint
flash welding,flash butt welding
flashboard,flashboarding
flashboarding,flashboard
flashbulb,flash
flashcard,flash card
flasher,exhibitionist
flashflood,flash flood
flashgun,flash
flashiness,garishness
flashing,flash
flashlight,torch
flashlight fish,Photoblepharon palpebratus
flashpoint,flash point
flask,flaskful
flaskful,flask
flat-leaf parsley,Italian parsley
flat arch,straight arch
flat cap,cloth cap
flat coat,ground
flat knot,reef knot
flat panel display,FPD
flat pea,Platylobium formosum
flat solid,sheet
flat tire,flat
flat wash,flatwork
flatbed,flatcar
flatbed press,cylinder press
flatboat,barge
flatcar,flatbed
flatfoot,patrolman
flathead catfish,mudcat
flatness,two-dimensionality
flats,flat
flatterer,adulator
flattop,crew cut
flatulence,flatulency
flatulency,flatulence
flatus,fart
flatware,silver
flatwork,flat wash
flatworm,platyhelminth
flautist,flutist
flavius claudius julianus,Julian
flavius josephus,Josephus
flavius theodosius,Theodosius
flavius valerius constantinus,Constantine
flavor,spirit
flavorer,flavourer
flavoring,flavorer
flavorlessness,flavourlessness
flavorsomeness,flavoursomeness
flavour,spirit
flavourer,flavorer
flavouring,flavorer
flavourlessness,flavorlessness
flavoursomeness,flavorsomeness
flaw,defect
flawlessness,perfection
flax family,Linaceae
flax rust,flax rust fungus
flax rust fungus,flax rust
flaxedil,gallamine
flaxseed,linseed
flaxseed oil,linseed oil
fleabane,feabane mullet
fleawort,psyllium
flecainide,Tambocor
fleck,bit
flection,flexure
fleece,sheepskin
fleer,fugitive
fleet admiral,five-star admiral
fleetingness,ephemerality
flemish dialect,Flemish
flesh,human body
flesh fly,Sarcophaga carnaria
fleshiness,obesity
fletc,Federal Law Enforcement Training Center
fleur-de-lis,iris
fleur-de-lys,fleur-de-lis
flexeril,cyclobenzaprine
flexibility,flexibleness
flexible joint,hinge
flexible sigmoidoscope,sigmoidoscope
flexible sigmoidoscopy,sigmoidoscopy
flexibleness,flexibility
flexion,flexure
flexor,flexor muscle
flexor muscle,flexor
flexure,flection
flibbertigibbet,foolish woman
flick,movie
flick-knife,switchblade
flick knife,switchblade
flicker,spark
flickertail,Richardson ground squirrel
flier,flyer
flies,fly
flight,flying
flight attendant,steward
flight deck,landing deck
flight feather,pinion
flight indicator,artificial horizon
flight maneuver,airplane maneuver
flight of stairs,flight
flight of steps,flight
flight path,air lane
flight simulator,trainer
flight strip,airstrip
flightiness,arbitrariness
flightless bird,ratite
flimflam,bunco
flimsiness,shoddiness
flinch,wince
flindersia australis,native beech
flindersia schottiana,bunji-bunji
flindosa,native beech
flindosy,native beech
fling,crack
flint corn,flint maize
flint glass,optical flint
flint maize,flint corn
flint river,Flint
flinthead,wood ibis
flintlock,firelock
flip-flop,reversal
flippancy,light-mindedness
flipper,fin
flirt,coquette
flirtation,flirt
flirting,flirt
flit,dart
flitch,side of bacon
flittering scotoma,scintillating scotoma
flnc,National Liberation Front of Corsica
flo ziegfeld,Ziegfeld
float,ice-cream soda
floatation,flotation
floater,musca volitans
floating-moss,Salvinia rotundifolia
floating-point notation,floating-point representation system
floating-point operation,flop
floating-point representation system,floating-point notation
floating bridge,pontoon bridge
floating dock,floating dry dock
floating dry dock,floating dock
floating fern,Ceratopteris thalictroides
floating mine,marine mine
floating policy,floater
floating voter,swing voter
floatplane,pontoon plane
floc,floccule
floccose chanterelle,Cantharellus floccosus
floccule,floc
flock,batch
floe,ice floe
flogger,scourger
flogging,whipping
flood,inundation
flood lamp,flood
flood plain,floodplain
flood tide,climax
floodgate,sluicegate
flooding,implosion therapy
floodlight,flood
floodplain,flood plain
floor,flooring
floor board,floorboard
floor cover,floor covering
floor covering,floor cover
floor show,cabaret
floorboard,floor board
flooring,floor
floorshow,cabaret
floorwalker,shopwalker
floozie,streetwalker
floozy,streetwalker
flophouse,dosshouse
floppy disk,diskette
flora,vegetation
floral arrangement,flower arrangement
floral cup,hypanthium
floral envelope,perianth
florence,Firenze
florence nightingale,Nightingale
florenz ziegfeld,Ziegfeld
florescence,blossoming
florest's cineraria,Pericallis hybrida
floret,floweret
floriculture,flower gardening
florida arrowroot,coontie
florida bean,cowage
florida key,key
florida selaginella,Selaginella eatonii
florida strangler fig,golden fig
florida water rat,round-tailed muskrat
floridity,flamboyance
floridness,flamboyance
florilegium,garland
florin,guilder
florist,florist shop
florist's chrysanthemum,florists' chrysanthemum
florist's gloxinia,Sinningia speciosa
florist's willow,goat willow
florist shop,florist
florists' chrysanthemum,florist's chrysanthemum
floss,dental floss
flotation,floatation
flotation device,life preserver
flotsam,jetsam
flounce,frill
flour beetle,flour weevil
flour corn,soft corn
flour weevil,flour beetle
flourish,brandish
flouter,scoffer
flow,flowing
flow chart,flowchart
flow diagram,flow chart
flow of air,airflow
flow rate,flow
flow sheet,flow chart
flowage,flood
flowchart,flow chart
flower,bloom
flower-cup fern,Alpine woodsia
flower-of-an-hour,flowers-of-an-hour
flower arrangement,floral arrangement
flower bed,flowerbed
flower child,hippie
flower gardening,floriculture
flower people,hippies
flower petal,petal
flower stalk,scape
flower store,florist
flowerbed,flower bed
floweret,floret
flowering almond,Prunus triloba
flowering ash,manna ash
flowering crab,Bechtel crab
flowering fern,Helminthostachys zeylanica
flowering glume,lemma
flowering hazel,winter hazel
flowering onion,daffodil garlic
flowering plant,angiosperm
flowering raspberry,purple-flowering raspberry
flowering spurge,wild spurge
flowering stone,lithops
flowering tobacco,Jasmine tobacco
flowering tree,angiospermous tree
flowering wintergreen,gaywings
flowerpot,pot
flowers-of-an-hour,flower-of-an-hour
flowers of zinc,zinc oxide
floyd bennett,Bennett
flu,influenza
flub,blunder
fluctuation,variation
flue,fluke
flue pipe,flue
fluegelhorn,flugelhorn
fluency,eloquence
fluent aphasia,Wernicke's aphasia
fluff,bagatelle
fluffiness,downiness
flugelhorn,fluegelhorn
fluid drachm,fluidram
fluid dram,fluidram
fluid mechanics,hydraulics
fluid ounce,fluidounce
fluidity,fluidness
fluidness,fluidity
fluidounce,fluid ounce
fluidram,fluid dram
fluke,good luck
flume,gulch
flummery,mummery
flunitrazepan,Rohypnol
flunk,failing
flunkey,lackey
flunky,lackey
fluor,fluorite
fluorescein,fluoresceine
fluorescein isocyanate,fluorescein isothiocyanate
fluorescein isothiocyanate,fluorescein isocyanate
fluoresceine,fluorescein
fluorescent dye,fluorescein
fluorescent fixture,fluorescent
fluoridation,fluoridization
fluoridisation,fluoridation
fluoridization,fluoridation
fluorine,F
fluorite,fluorspar
fluoroform,trifluoromethane
fluoroscope,roentgenoscope
fluorspar,fluorite
fluosilicic acid,hydrofluosilicic acid
fluoxetine,fluoxetine hydrocholoride
fluoxetine hydrocholoride,fluoxetine
flurazepam,flurazepam hydrochloride
flurazepam hydrochloride,flurazepam
flurbiprofen,Ansaid
flurry,bustle
flush toilet,lavatory
fluster,perturbation
flute,transverse flute
flute glass,flute
flute player,flutist
fluting,flute
flutist,flautist
flutter,waver
fluttering,flap
fluvastatin,Lescol
flux,fluxion
flux density,flux
flux unit,magnetic flux unit
fluxing lime,calcium oxide
fluxion,flux
fly-by,flyover
fly agaric,Amanita muscaria
fly ball,fly
fly bridge,flying bridge
fly floor,fly gallery
fly front,fly
fly gallery,fly floor
fly honeysuckle,American fly honeysuckle
fly orchid,Ophrys insectifera
fly poison,Amianthum muscaetoxicum
fly sheet,tent-fly
flybridge,flying bridge
flycatcher,Old World flycatcher
flyer,circular
flying bird,carinate
flying bomb,buzz bomb
flying bridge,flybridge
flying buttress,arc-boutant
flying cat,flying lemur
flying colors,flying colours
flying colours,flying colors
flying dragon,dragon
flying drainpipe,ramjet
flying field,airfield
flying gecko,fringed gecko
flying gurnard,flying robin
flying lemur,flying cat
flying lizard,dragon
flying marmot,taguan
flying opossum,flying phalanger
flying phalanger,flying opossum
flying reptile,pterosaur
flying robin,flying gurnard
flying saucer,unidentified flying object
flying squirrel,flying phalanger
flying start,running start
flyover,overpass
flypast,flyover
flyswat,swatter
flyswatter,swatter
flyway,migration route
fm,frequency modulation
fmri,functional magnetic resonance imaging
fnma,Federal National Mortgage Association
fo,field-grade officer
fo'c'sle,forecastle
foam,froth
foamflower,coolwart
fob,watch pocket
focal distance,focal length
focal epilepsy,cortical epilepsy
focal length,focal distance
focal point,focus
focal ratio,f number
focalisation,focalization
focalization,focalisation
focus,focusing
focusing,focus
focussing,focus
fodder,cannon fodder
foe,enemy
foehn,fohn
foeman,enemy
foeniculum dulce,Florence fennel
foeniculum vulgare,common fennel
foeniculum vulgare dulce,Florence fennel
foetal circulation,fetal circulation
foetal distress,fetal distress
foetal monitor,electronic fetal monitor
foetal movement,fetal movement
foetid bugbane,fetid bugbane
foetid pothos,skunk cabbage
foetology,fetology
foetometry,fetometry
foetoprotein,fetoprotein
foetor,malodor
foetoscope,fetoscope
foetoscopy,fetoscopy
foetus,fetus
fog,fogginess
fogey,dodo
fogginess,fog
foghorn,fogsignal
fogsignal,foghorn
fogy,dodo
fohn,foehn
foible,idiosyncrasy
foie gras,pate de foie gras
foil,enhancer
foiling,frustration
folacin,vitamin Bc
folate,vitamin Bc
fold,crease
folder,booklet
folderal,falderol
folderol,rubbish
folding door,accordion door
folding money,paper money
foldout,gatefold
foliage,leaf
foliation,leafing
folic acid,vitamin Bc
folie,mental disorder
folio,pagination
folk,folks
folk ballad,folk song
folk dance,folk dancing
folk dancing,folk dance
folk music,ethnic music
folk singer,jongleur
folk song,folksong
folk tale,folktale
folks,folk
folksong,folk song
folktale,folk tale
follicle-stimulating hormone,FSH
follies,folly
follow-up,followup
followers,following
followers of the phrophet,al Sunna Wal Jamma
followup,follow-up
folly,foolishness
fomentation,instigation
fomenter,agitator
fomes igniarius,agaric
fomite,vehicle
fomorian,Fomor
fond regard,attachment
fondler,petter
fondling,caressing
fondness,fancy
fondu,fondue
fondue,fondu
font,fount
font cartridge,cartridge font
fontanel,fontanelle
fontanelle,fontanel
food,nutrient
food additive,artificial additive
food and agriculture organization of the united nations,Food and Agriculture Organization
food color,coloring
food coloring,coloring
food colour,coloring
food colouring,coloring
food cycle,food web
food elevator,dumbwaiter
food for thought,food
food grain,grain
food market,grocery store
food poisoning,gastrointestinal disorder
food product,foodstuff
food shop,delicatessen
food turner,turner
food waste,garbage
food web,food cycle
foodie,epicure
foodstuff,grocery
fool,sap
fool's cap,dunce cap
fool's gold,pyrite
fool's huckleberry,false azalea
fool's parsley,lesser hemlock
foolery,folly
foolhardiness,recklessness
foolish woman,flibbertigibbet
foolishness,folly
foot,human foot
foot-and-mouth disease,hoof-and-mouth disease
foot-lambert,ft-L
foot doctor,chiropodist
foot lever,pedal
foot pedal,pedal
foot race,footrace
foot soldier,infantryman
foot traffic,pedestrian traffic
football,football game
football field,gridiron
football game,football
football player,footballer
football team,eleven
football tee,tee
footballer,football player
footbridge,overcrossing
footer,pedestrian
footfall,footstep
footgear,footwear
foothold,bridgehead
footing,terms
footlocker,locker
footmark,footprint
footnote,footer
footpad,padder
footpath,pathway
footprint,footmark
footrace,foot race
footrest,footstool
footslogger,infantryman
footstall,pedestal
footstep,footfall
footsteps-of-spring,Sanicula arctopoides
footstool,footrest
footwear,footgear
fop,dandy
foppishness,dandyism
forage,eatage
foraging,forage
foram,foraminifer
foramen,hiatus
foramen of monro,interventricular foramen
foraminifer,foram
foray,raid
forbear,forebear
forbearance,patience
forbiddance,ban
forbidden city,Lhasa
force,forcefulness
force-feed lubricating system,lubricating system
force-out,force out
force feed,lubricating system
force field,field
force majeure,act of God
force out,force-out
force per unit area,pressure
force play,force out
forced feeding,gavage
forced landing,emergency landing
forced sale,sheriff's sale
forcefulness,force
forcemeat,farce
forcing out,expulsion
ford hermann hueffer,Ford
ford madox ford,Ford
fording,ford
fore-and-aft topsail,gaff topsail
fore-wing,forewing
fore edge,foredge
fore wing,forewing
forebear,forbear
forebrain,prosencephalon
forecast,prognosis
forecaster,predictor
forecasting,prediction
forecastle,fo'c'sle
foredge,fore edge
forefather,father
forefinger,index
forefront,head
foregone conclusion,matter of course
foreground processing,foregrounding
foregrounding,foreground processing
forehand shot,forehand
forehand stroke,forehand
forehead,brow
foreign bill,foreign draft
foreign draft,foreign bill
foreign minister,secretary of state
foreign mission,mission
foreign terrorist organization,terrorist organization
foreigner,alien
foreignness,strangeness
foreknowledge,precognition
forelady,forewoman
foreland,promontory
forelock,foretop
foreman,chief
foremilk,colostrum
forename,first name
forenoon,morning
forensic medicine,forensic pathology
forensic pathology,forensic medicine
foreordination,predestination
forepart,front
foreplay,arousal
forerunner,precursor
foresight,foresightedness
foresightedness,foresight
foresightfulness,foresight
foreskin,prepuce
forest,wood
forest fire fighter,fire warden
forest goat,spindle horn
forest god,satyr
forest red gum,Eucalypt tereticornis
forest tent caterpillar,Malacosoma disstria
forestage,proscenium
forestalling,obviation
forestiera neomexicana,tanglebush
foretelling,prediction
forethought,premeditation
foretoken,augury
foretop,forelock
forewarning,premonition
forewing,fore-wing
forewoman,forelady
foreword,preface
forfeiture,forfeit
forficula auricularia,common European earwig
forge,smithy
forger,counterfeiter
forgery,counterfeit
forget-me-not,mouse ear
forget me drug,R-2
forgetful person,scatterbrain
forgiveness,pardon
forgiver,pardoner
forgivingness,kindness
forgoing,renunciation
fork,branching
forked lightning,chain lightning
forking,furcation
forlornness,loneliness
form,word form
form class,part of speech
form genus rhizoctinia,genus Rhizoctinia
form of address,title
form of government,political system
formal logic,symbolic logic
formaldehyde,methanal
formalin,formol
formalisation,formalization
formalities,formality
formality,formalities
formalization,formalisation
formalness,formality
formalwear,eveningwear
format,formatting
formation,shaping
formative cell,embryonic cell
formatting,format
former armed forces,Army for the Liberation of Rwanda
formica rufa,wood ant
formica sanguinea,sanguinary ant
formicary,anthill
formidability,toughness
formol,formalin
formosa,Taiwan
formula,expression
formulation,preparation
fornication,adultery
fornicator,adulterer
fornicatress,adulteress
fornix,trigonum cerebrale
forsaking,giving up
forssman antibody,heterophil antibody
forswearing,renunciation
fort,garrison
fort-lamy,N'Djamena
fort george g. meade,Fort Meade
fort george gordon meade,Fort Meade
fortaz,ceftazidime
forte-piano,piano
forth river,Forth
forthcomingness,imminence
forthrightness,candor
forties,mid-forties
fortification,munition
fortnight,two weeks
fortress,fort
fortuity,accident
fortune,luck
fortune teller,fortuneteller
fortune telling,divination
fortunella japonica,marumi
fortunella margarita,nagami
fortuneteller,fortune teller
forty winks,nap
forum,assembly
forward market,futures exchange
forward motion,progress
forward pass,aerial
forward passer,passer
forwarding,furtherance
forwardness,bumptiousness
fosamax,alendronate
fossa,pit
fossa cat,fossa
fossa fossa,fanaloka
fosse,moat
fossil copal,copalite
fossil oil,petroleum
fossilisation,fossilization
fossilist,paleontologist
fossilization,fossilisation
fossilology,paleontology
foster-brother,foster brother
foster-child,foster child
foster-daughter,foster daughter
foster-father,foster father
foster-mother,foster mother
foster-parent,foster parent
foster-sister,foster sister
foster-son,foster son
foster brother,foster-brother
foster child,foster-child
foster daughter,foster-daughter
foster father,foster-father
foster mother,foster-mother
foster parent,foster-parent
foster sister,foster-sister
foster son,foster-son
fosterage,fostering
fostering,fosterage
fosterling,foster-child
fothergilla,witch alder
fots,fiber-optic transmission system
foul-up,blunder
foul shot,free throw
foulmart,polecat
foulness,filth
foumart,polecat
foundation,base
foundation garment,foundation
founder,laminitis
foundering,going under
founding,initiation
foundling,abandoned infant
foundling hospital,creche
foundry,metalworks
fount,font
fountain,spring
fountain grass,Pennisetum ruppelii
fountainhead,well
fouquieria columnaris,boojum tree
fouquieria splendens,ocotillo
four-card monte,monte
four-centered arch,Tudor arch
four-flusher,bluffer
four-footed butterfly,nymphalid
four-four time,common time
four-hitter,4-hitter
four-in-hand,coach
four-letter anglo-saxon word,four-letter word
four-letter word,four-letter Anglo-Saxon word
four-lined leaf bug,four-lined plant bug
four-lined plant bug,four-lined leaf bug
four-o'clock family,Nyctaginaceae
four-spot,four
four-stroke engine,four-stroke internal-combustion engine
four-stroke internal-combustion engine,four-stroke engine
four-wheel drive,4WD
four-wing flying fish,biplane flying fish
four flush,bluff
fourfold point correlation,phi coefficient
fourpence,groat
foursome,quartet
fourth council of constantinople,Constantinople
fourth cranial nerve,trochlear
fourth deck,orlop deck
fourth dimension,time
fourth earl of chesterfield,Chesterfield
fourth earl of orford,Walpole
fourth of july,Independence Day
fourth part,one-fourth
fourth power,biquadrate
fourth stomach,abomasum
fovea,fovea centralis
fovea centralis,fovea
fowl,domestic fowl
fowl run,chicken yard
fox,dodger
fox-trot,foxtrot
fox grape,Vitis labrusca
fox hole,foxhole
fox hunting,foxhunt
fox shark,thresher
fox squirrel,eastern fox squirrel
fox talbot,Talbot
foxberry,cowberry
foxglove,digitalis
foxglove family,Scrophulariaceae
foxhole,fox hole
foxhunt,fox hunting
foxiness,craft
foxtail,foxtail grass
foxtail barley,squirreltail barley
foxtail grass,Lycopodium alopecuroides
foxtail millet,Italian millet
foxtrot,fox-trot
foyer,anteroom
fpd,flat panel display
fps,Federal Protective Service
fr,francium
fra filippo lippi,Lippi
fracas,affray
fractional monetary unit,subunit
fractional process,fractionation
fractionation,fractional process
fractiousness,unruliness
fracture,break
fradicin,neomycin
fragaria ananassa,garden strawberry
fragaria chiloensis,beach strawberry
fragaria vesca,wild strawberry
fragaria virginiana,Virginia strawberry
fragile fern,brittle bladder fern
fragility,breakability
fragment,shard
fragmentation,atomization
fragmentation bomb,antipersonnel bomb
fragrance,aroma
fragrancy,bouquet
fragrant agrimony,Agrimonia procera
fragrant bedstraw,sweet woodruff
fragrant cliff fern,fragrant shield fern
fragrant orchid,Gymnadenia conopsea
fragrant shield fern,fragrant cliff fern
fragrant sumac,lemon sumac
fragrant water lily,water nymph
fragrant wood fern,fragrant cliff fern
fragrant woodsia,rusty woodsia
frailness,infirmity
frailty,infirmity
frambesia,yaws
framboesia,yaws
framboise,wild raspberry
frame,human body
frame-up,setup
frame of mind,state of mind
frame of reference,coordinate system
framework,model
framing,frame
frances eliza hodgson burnett,Burnett
frances elizabeth caroline willard,Willard
frances hodgson burnett,Burnett
frances wright,Wright
francesco della rovere,Sixtus IV
francesco petrarca,Petrarch
franchise,dealership
francis albert sinatra,Sinatra
francis bacon,Bacon
francis beaumont,Beaumont
francis crick,Crick
francis drake,Drake
francis edgar stanley,Stanley
francis everett townsend,Townsend
francis ford coppola,Coppola
francis galton,Galton
francis henry compton crick,Crick
francis hopkinson,Hopkinson
francis joseph i,Francis Joseph
francis peyton rous,Rous
francis poulenc,Poulenc
francis richard stockton,Stockton
francis scott key,Key
francis scott key fitzgerald,Fitzgerald
francis turner palgrave,Palgrave
francisco de goya,Goya
francisco fernandez cordoba,Cordoba
francisco fernandez de cordova,Cordoba
francisco franco,Franco
francisco goya,Goya
francisco jimenez de cisneros,Jimenez de Cisneros
francisco jose de goya,Goya
francisco jose de goya y lucientes,Goya
francisco pizarro,Pizarro
francisco villa,Villa
francium,Fr
francoa ramosa,bridal wreath
francois-marie arouet,Voltaire
francois auguste rene rodin,Rodin
francois charles mauriac,Mauriac
francois couperin,Couperin
francois de la rochefoucauld,La Rochefoucauld
francois duvalier,Duvalier
francois jacob,Jacob
francois mansart,Mansart
francois marie charles fourier,Fourier
francois mauriac,Mauriac
francois maurice marie mitterrand,Mitterrand
francois mitterrand,Mitterrand
francois rabelais,Rabelais
francois rene chateaubriand,Chateaubriand
francois truffaut,Truffaut
francois villon,Villon
francoise-athenais de rochechouart,Montespan
francoise d'aubigne,Maintenon
francophil,Francophile
frangibility,fragility
frangibleness,fragility
frangipani,frangipanni
frangipanni,frangipani
frank baum,Baum
frank breech,frank breech delivery
frank breech delivery,frank breech
frank capra,Capra
frank cooper,Cooper
frank harris,Harris
frank lloyd wright,Wright
frank morrison spillane,Spillane
frank norris,Norris
frank philip stella,Stella
frank sinatra,Sinatra
frank stella,Stella
frank stockton,Stockton
frank whittle,Whittle
frank winfield woolworth,Woolworth
frankenstein's monster,Frankenstein
frankfurt,Frankfurt on the Main
frankfurter,frank
frankfurter bun,hotdog bun
frankincense,olibanum
frankincense pine,loblolly pine
franklin delano roosevelt,Roosevelt
franklin pierce,Pierce
franklin roosevelt,Roosevelt
frankliniella fusca,tobacco thrips
frankness,candor
frans hals,Hals
franz anton mesmer,Mesmer
franz ferdinand,Francis Ferdinand
franz josef i,Francis Joseph
franz joseph,Francis Joseph
franz joseph haydn,Haydn
franz joseph kline,Kline
franz kafka,Kafka
franz kline,Kline
franz lehar,Lehar
franz liszt,Liszt
franz peter schubert,Schubert
franz schubert,Schubert
franz seraph peter schubert,Schubert
franz werfel,Werfel
frappe,ice
frasera speciosa,green gentian
frat,fraternity
frat house,chapterhouse
fratercula arctica,Atlantic puffin
fratercula corniculata,horned puffin
fraternal twin,dizygotic twin
fraternisation,fraternization
fraternity,frat
fraternity house,chapterhouse
fraternization,fraternisation
fratricide,friendly fire
fraud,imposter
fraud in fact,positive fraud
fraudulence,duplicity
fraudulent scheme,racket
fraxinella,dittany
fraxinus americana,white ash
fraxinus caroliniana,swamp ash
fraxinus cuspidata,flowering ash
fraxinus dipetala,flowering ash
fraxinus excelsior,European ash
fraxinus latifolia,Oregon ash
fraxinus nigra,black ash
fraxinus oregona,Oregon ash
fraxinus ornus,manna ash
fraxinus pennsylvanica,red ash
fraxinus pennsylvanica subintegerrima,green ash
fraxinus quadrangulata,blue ash
fraxinus texensis,mountain ash
fraxinus tomentosa,pumpkin ash
fraxinus velutina,Arizona ash
fray,affray
freak,monster
freak out,disorientation
freakishness,abnormality
freckle,lentigo
fred astaire,Astaire
fred hoyle,Hoyle
fred sanger,Sanger
fred skinner,Skinner
fred zinnemann,Zinnemann
freddie mac,Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
frederic auguste bartholdi,Bartholdi
frederic francois chopin,Chopin
frederic goudy,Goudy
frederic william goudy,Goudy
frederic william maitland,Maitland
frederick barbarossa,Frederick I
frederick carleton lewis,Lewis
frederick childe hassam,Hassam
frederick delius,Delius
frederick douglass,Douglass
frederick jackson turner,Turner
frederick james furnivall,Furnivall
frederick law olmsted,Olmsted
frederick loewe,Loewe
frederick moore vinson,Vinson
frederick north,North
frederick sanger,Sanger
frederick soddy,Soddy
frederick the great,Frederick II
frederico garcia lorca,Garcia Lorca
free-for-all,brawl
free-tailed bat,freetail
free agent,free spirit
free energy,energy
free enterprise,market economy
free fall,drop
free form,free morpheme
free grace,grace
free hand,blank check
free lance,freelancer
free love,extramarital sex
free morpheme,free form
free pardon,amnesty
free people,free
free port,free zone
free radical,radical
free rein,play
free spirit,free agent
free state,Maryland
free thought,deism
free throw,foul shot
free time,spare time
free verse,vers libre
free weight,weight
free will,discretion
free zone,free port
freebee,freebie
freebie,freebee
freebooter,plunderer
freedman,freedwoman
freedom,exemption
freedom fighter,insurgent
freedom from self-incrimination,privilege against self incrimination
freedom party,Hizb ut-Tahrir
freedwoman,freedman
freeing,liberation
freelancer,freelance
freeman,freewoman
freetail,free-tailed bat
freetailed bat,freetail
freethinker,deist
freethinking,rationalism
freeway,expressway
freewheeler,free agent
freewoman,freeman
freeze,freezing
freeze-drying,lyophilization
freezer,deep-freeze
freezing,freeze
freezing point,melting point
freight,cargo
freight elevator,service elevator
freight liner,liner train
freight rate,freight
freight train,rattler
freightage,freight
freighter,bottom
fremontia,Fremontodendron
french-fried potatoes,french fries
french bean,haricot vert
french bracken,royal fern
french capital,Paris
french congo,Congo
french endive,Belgian endive
french fries,french-fried potatoes
french guinea,Guinea
french honeysuckle,red valerian
french kiss,soul kiss
french lavender,spike lavender
french oceania,French Polynesia
french pancake,crape
french people,French
french person,Frenchman
french polish shellac,French polish
french republic,France
french rye,tall oat grass
french spinach,red goosefoot
french sudan,Mali
french telephone,handset
french ultramarine,French blue
french ultramarine blue,French blue
french vermouth,dry vermouth
french weed,field pennycress
frenchwoman,Frenchman
frenzy,craze
frequence,frequency
frequency,frequence
frequency-response characteristic,frequency-response curve
frequency-response curve,frequency-response characteristic
frequency band,waveband
frequency modulation,FM
frequenter,patron
fresh fish,cannon fodder
fresh food,fresh foods
fresh foods,fresh food
fresh start,clean slate
fresh water,freshwater
fresher,freshman
freshet,spate
freshness,novelty
freshwater,fresh water
freshwater bass,bass
freshwater bream,bream
freshwater clam,freshwater mussel
freshwater cordgrass,prairie cordgrass
freshwater eel,common eel
freshwater limpet,river limpet
freshwater mussel,freshwater clam
fret,stew
fretfulness,irritability
fretsaw,jigsaw
fretwork,lattice
freyja,Freya
freyr,Frey
frg,Germany
fri,Friday
friability,crumbliness
friar,mendicant
friar's-cowl,Arisarum vulgare
friar's lantern,ignis fatuus
friar preacher,Dominican
fricative consonant,fricative
friction,clash
friction match,match
friction tape,insulating tape
fridge,electric refrigerator
fridtjof nansen,Nansen
fried rice,Chinese fried rice
friedrich anton mesmer,Mesmer
friedrich august kekule,Kekule
friedrich august kekule von stradonitz,Kekule
friedrich august von hayek,Hayek
friedrich august wolf,Wolf
friedrich engels,Engels
friedrich froebel,Froebel
friedrich gottlieb klopstock,Klopstock
friedrich hebbel,Hebbel
friedrich krupp,Krupp
friedrich max muller,Muller
friedrich wilhelm august froebel,Froebel
friedrich wilhelm bessel,Bessel
friedrich wilhelm nietzsche,Nietzsche
friend,ally
friend of the court,amicus curiae
friendly fire,fratricide
friendly islands,Tonga
friendly relationship,friendship
friendship,friendly relationship
friendship plant,panamica
frier,fryer
fries,french fries
frigate bird,man-of-war bird
frigga,Frigg
fright,fear
frigidity,frigidness
frigidness,frigidity
frijol,kidney bean
frijole,kidney bean
frijoles refritos,refried beans
frijolillo,mescal bean
frijolito,mescal bean
frill,ruff
frilled lizard,Chlamydosaurus kingi
fringe,periphery
fringe-toed lizard,Uma notata
fringe benefit,perquisite
fringe bush,Chionanthus virginicus
fringe cups,false alumroot
fringed gecko,flying gecko
fringed loosestrife,Lysimachia ciliatum
fringed orchid,fringed orchis
fringed orchis,fringed orchid
fringed pink,ground pink
fringed polygala,flowering wintergreen
fringed poppy mallow,Callirhoe digitata
fringepod,lacepod
fringilla coelebs,chaffinch
fringilla montifringilla,brambling
frippery,bagatelle
frisk,frisking
friskiness,frolicsomeness
frisking,frisk
frisson,shiver
fritillaria affinis,mission bells
fritillaria agrestis,stink bell
fritillaria biflora,mission bells
fritillaria imperialis,crown imperial
fritillaria lanceolata,mission bells
fritillaria liliaceae,white fritillary
fritillaria meleagris,snake's head fritillary
fritillaria micrantha,brown bells
fritillaria mutica,mission bells
fritillaria parviflora,brown bells
fritillaria pluriflora,adobe lily
fritillaria recurva,scarlet fritillary
fritillary,checkered lily
fritz albert lipmann,Lipmann
fritz haber,Haber
fritz kreisler,Kreisler
fritz w. meissner,Meissner
friuli,Friulian
frivolity,frivolousness
frivolousness,frivolity
frock,dress
frog,toad
frog's-bit,frogbit
frog's-bit family,Hydrocharitaceae
frog orchid,Coeloglossum viride
frogbit,frog's-bit
frogbit family,Hydrocharitaceae
frogman,diver
frolic,play
frolicsomeness,friskiness
fromental halevy,Halevy
front-porch campaign,front-porch campaigning
front-porch campaigning,front-porch campaign
front-runner,favorite
front-stall,chanfron
front crawl,crawl
front door,front entrance
front end,front
front entrance,front door
front line,battlefront
front man,front
front matter,prelims
front room,living room
front tooth,anterior
frontage,facade
frontage road,service road
frontal bone,os frontale
frontal cortex,frontal lobe
frontal lobe,frontal cortex
frontal lobotomy,lobotomy
frontal suture,sutura frontalis
frontier settlement,outpost
frontiersman,backwoodsman
frontlet,frontal
frontstall,chanfron
frost,hoar
frost-weed,frostweed
frost fish,cutlassfish
frost heave,frost heaving
frost heaving,frost heave
frost mist,ice crystal
frost snow,ice crystal
frostbite,cryopathy
frosted bat,Vespertilio murinus
frostiness,hoariness
frosting,icing
frostweed,frost-weed
frostwort,frostweed
froth,foam
frothiness,bubbliness
frown,scowl
frozen custard,soft ice cream
frozen food,frozen foods
frozen foods,frozen food
frozen metaphor,dead metaphor
frozen orange juice,orange-juice concentrate
frs,Federal Reserve System
fructose,fruit sugar
frugality,frugalness
frugalness,frugality
fruit,yield
fruit bat,megabat
fruit compote,compote
fruit crush,fruit juice
fruit drink,ade
fruit fly,pomace fly
fruit juice,fruit crush
fruit sugar,fructose
fruitcake,crackpot
fruitfulness,fecundity
fruition,realization
fruitlessness,aridity
frump,dog
frunze,Bishkek
frustration,defeat
fry bread,skillet bread
fryer,frier
frying,sauteing
frying pan,frypan
frypan,frying pan
fsb,Federal Security Bureau
fsh,follicle-stimulating hormone
ft,foot
ft-l,foot-lambert
ftc,Federal Trade Commission
fthm,fathom
fto,terrorist organization
ftp,file transfer protocol
fuchsia coccinea,lady's-eardrop
fuchsia excorticata,konini
fuck,fucking
fuck all,bugger all
fuckhead,dunce
fuckup,bungler
fucoid,fucoid algae
fucoid algae,fucoid
fucus serratus,serrated wrack
fucus vesiculosus,bladderwrack
fuddle,clutter
fudge factor,correction
fudge sauce,hot-fudge sauce
fuel-air bomb,thermobaric bomb
fuel-air explosive,FAE
fuel consumption rate,mileage
fuel gauge,fuel indicator
fuel indicator,fuel gauge
fuel injection,fuel injection system
fuel injection system,fuel injection
fuel line,gas line
fuel oil,heating oil
fuel pod,pod
fueling,refueling
fuerzas armadas revolucionarios de colombia,Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia
fugaciousness,fugacity
fugacity,fugaciousness
fugitive from justice,fugitive
fugo,balloon bomb
fugue,psychogenic fugue
fuji,fuji cherry
fuji-san,Fuji
fuji cherry,fuji
fujinoyama,Fuji
fujiyama,Fuji
fukien,Min
fukkianese,Min
ful,Fula
fula,Fulani
fulah,Fulani
fulbe,Fulani
fulfillment,fulfilment
fulfilment,fulfillment
fulica americana,American coot
fulica atra,Old World coot
full-of-the-moon,full moon
full admiral,admiral
full complement,complement
full cousin,cousin
full dress,dress suit
full gainer,gainer
full general,general
full moon,full-of-the-moon
full moon maple,Japanese maple
full phase of the moon,full moon
full point,period
full radiator,black body
full service bank,commercial bank
full stop,period
full term,term
full treatment,whole shebang
fuller's teasel,Dipsacus sativus
fullness,comprehensiveness
fulmar,fulmar petrel
fulmar petrel,fulmar
fulmarus glacialis,fulmar
fulminate of mercury,mercury fulminate
fulminating mercury,mercury fulminate
fulmination,diatribe
fulsomeness,unction
fulvicin,griseofulvin
fumaria claviculata,climbing corydalis
fumaria fungosa,climbing fumitory
fumaria officinalis,fumitory
fumaria sempervirens,Roman wormwood
fumble,muff
fumbler,bungler
fume,smoke
fumeroot,fumitory
fumes,exhaust
fumewort,fumitory
fumimaro konoe,Konoe
fumimaro konoye,Konoe
fumitory,fumewort
fumitory family,Fumariaceae
fun,merriment
fun run,funrun
funambulism,tightrope walking
funambulist,tightrope walker
function,mathematical function
function word,closed-class word
functional anatomy,physiological anatomy
functional calculus,predicate calculus
functional magnetic resonance imaging,fMRI
functionary,official
fund,monetary fund
fund-raising campaign,fund-raising drive
fund-raising drive,fund-raising campaign
fund-raising effort,fund-raising campaign
fundament,basis
fundamental analysis,fundamentals analysis
fundamental frequency,fundamental
fundamental interaction,interaction
fundamental law,organic law
fundamental measure,fundamental quantity
fundamental particle,elementary particle
fundamental principle,fundamentals
fundamental quantity,fundamental measure
fundamentals,basics
fundamentals analysis,fundamental analysis
funding,support
funds,finances
fundulus heteroclitus,mummichog
fundulus majalis,striped killifish
funeral-residence,funeral home
funeral chapel,funeral home
funeral church,funeral home
funeral director,mortician
funeral home,funeral parlor
funeral march,dead march
funeral parlor,funeral home
funeral parlour,funeral home
funeral pyre,pyre
funeral undertaker,mortician
funfair,amusement park
fungal infection,mycosis
fungi imperfecti,Deuteromycota
fungibility,exchangeability
fungicide,antifungal
fungus gnat,sciara
fungus kingdom,Fungi
funicle,funiculus
funicular railway,cable railway
funiculus,funicle
funk,blue funk
funka,Hosta
funkaceae,Hostaceae
funnel,funnel shape
funnel-crest rosebud orchid,spreading pogonia
funnel shape,funnel
funnies,comic strip
funniness,drollery
funny bone,crazy bone
funny farm,Bedlam
funny house,Bedlam
funny remark,funny story
funny story,good story
funrun,fun run
fuqra,Jamaat ul-Fuqra
fur,pelt
furan,furane
furane,furan
furbelow,frill
furcation,forking
furfural,furfuraldehyde
furfuraldehyde,furfural
furfuran,furan
furiousness,ferocity
furnace lining,refractory
furnishing,trappings
furniture,piece of furniture
furniture maker,cabinetmaker
furor,fad
furore,fad
furosemide,Lasix
furrier,cloakmaker
furring,furring strip
furring strip,furring
furrow,wrinkle
furry tongue,hairy tongue
furtherance,promotion
furtiveness,sneakiness
furuncle,boil
fury,rage
furze,gorse
fusain,charcoal
fusanus,Eucarya
fusanus acuminatus,quandong
fuse,electrical fuse
fusee,fusee drive
fusee drive,fusee
fusillade,salvo
fusion,merger
fusion bomb,hydrogen bomb
fusion reactor,thermonuclear reactor
fuss,dither
fuss-budget,worrier
fussiness,irritability
fusspot,worrier
fustian,bombast
future perfect,future perfect tense
future perfect tense,future perfect
future progressive,future progressive tense
future progressive tense,future progressive
future tense,future
futures exchange,futures market
futures market,futures exchange
futuristics,futurology
futurity,future
futurology,futuristics
fuze,fuse
fuzee,fusee
fuzz,hair
fuzziness,indistinctness
fws,United States Fish and Wildlife Service
fyodor dostoevski,Dostoyevsky
fyodor dostoevsky,Dostoyevsky
fyodor dostoyevsky,Dostoyevsky
fyodor mikhailovich dostoevski,Dostoyevsky
fyodor mikhailovich dostoevsky,Dostoyevsky
fyodor mikhailovich dostoyevsky,Dostoyevsky
g,gram
g-force,g
g-jo,acupressure
g. b. shaw,Shaw
g. e. moore,Moore
g. k. chesterton,Chesterton
g. l. von blucher,Blucher
g. r. kirchhoff,Kirchhoff
g. stanley hall,Hall
g clef,treble clef
g suit,anti-G suit
ga,tabun
gaap,generally accepted accounting principles
gab,chitchat
gaba,gamma aminobutyric acid
gabapentin,Neurontin
gabardine,flannel
gabble,jabber
gaberdine,duster
gabfest,chitchat
gable,gable end
gable end,gable
gable roof,saddle roof
gable wall,gable
gabonese republic,Gabon
gaboon viper,Bitis gabonica
gabriel daniel fahrenheit,Fahrenheit
gabriel lippmann,Lippmann
gabriel tellez,Tirso de Molina
gabriele fallopius,Fallopius
gabriello fallopio,Fallopius
gabun,Gabon
gad,generalized anxiety disorder
gaddafi,Qaddafi
gadfly,pest
gadget,appliance
gadoid,gadoid fish
gadoid fish,gadoid
gadolinite,ytterbite
gadolinium,Gd
gadus macrocephalus,Pacific cod
gadus merlangus,whiting
gadus morhua,Atlantic cod
gaetan vestris,Vestris
gaetano donizetti,Donizetti
gaff-headed sail,gaffsail
gaff topsail,fore-and-aft topsail
gaffe,faux pas
gaffer,old-timer
gaffsail,gaff-headed sail
gag,joke
gag law,closure
gag line,punch line
gag reflex,pharyngeal reflex
gag rule,closure
gage,pot
gagman,standup comedian
gagster,gagman
gagwriter,gagman
gai choi,chinese mustard
gaia,Gaea
gaiety,merriment
gaillardia pulchella,blanket flower
gain,addition
gainer,weight gainer
gainfulness,profitableness
gaining control,capture
gaiseric,Genseric
gait,pace
gaiter,spat
gaius,Caligula
gaius aurelius valerius diocletian,Diocletian
gaius caesar,Caligula
gaius cassius longinus,Cassius
gaius cornelius tacitus,Tacitus
gaius flaminius,Flaminius
gaius julius caesar,Caesar
gaius julius caesar octavianus,Augustus
gaius octavianus,Augustus
gaius petronius,Petronius
gaius plinius caecilius secundus,Pliny
gaius plinius secundus,Pliny
gaius valerius catullus,Catullus
gal,gallon
gala,gala affair
gala affair,gala
galactose,brain sugar
galago,bushbaby
galangal,Alpinia galanga
galanty show,shadow show
galapagos,Galapagos Islands
galatians,Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Galatians
galax,galaxy
galax urceolata,galax
galaxy,galax
galbanum,gum albanum
galega officinalis,goat's rue
galeocerdo cuvieri,tiger shark
galeopsis tetrahit,hemp nettle
galeorhinus zyopterus,soupfin shark
galere,rogue's gallery
galictis vittatus,grison
galileo galilei,Galileo
galina sergeevna ulanova,Ulanova
galina ulanova,Ulanova
galingale,galangal
galium aparine,cleavers
galium boreale,Northern bedstraw
galium lanceolatum,wild licorice
galium mollugo,wild madder
galium odoratum,sweet woodruff
galium verum,yellow bedstraw
gall,saddle sore
gall-berry,inkberry
gall bladder,gallbladder
gall gnat,gall midge
gall midge,gallfly
gall of the earth,lion's foot
gall wasp,gallfly
gallamine,Flaxedil
gallantry,heroism
gallberry,inkberry
gallbladder,gall bladder
galleria mellonella,bee moth
gallery,veranda
galley,ship's galley
galley slave,drudge
gallfly,gall wasp
gallia,Gaul
gallimaufry,odds and ends
gallina,jungle fowl
gallinacean,gallinaceous bird
gallinaceous bird,gallinacean
gallinago gallinago,whole snipe
gallinago gallinago delicata,Wilson's snipe
gallinago media,great snipe
gallinula chloropus,moorhen
gallinula chloropus cachinnans,Florida gallinule
gallinule,marsh hen
gallium,Ga
gallon,gal
gallop rhythm,cantering rhythm
gallous,gallows tree
gallows-tree,gallows tree
gallows tree,gallows-tree
gallstone,bilestone
gallus,brace
gallus gallus,chicken
galosh,arctic
galtonia candicans,summer hyacinth
galvanic battery,voltaic battery
galvanic cell,voltaic cell
galvanic pile,voltaic pile
galvanic skin response,GSR
galvanisation,galvanization
galvaniser,galvanizer
galvanism,electrotherapy
galvanization,galvanisation
galvanizer,galvaniser
gamal abdel nasser,Nasser
gamba,viola da gamba
gambit,ploy
gambler,risk taker
gambling,gaming
gambling casino,casino
gambling den,gambling house
gambling game,game of chance
gambling hell,gambling house
gambling house,gambling den
gamboge,lemon
gamboge tree,Garcinia hanburyi
gambol,play
gambrel,gambrel roof
gambrel roof,gambrel
gambusia affinis,mosquitofish
game fish,sport fish
game license,hunting license
game of chance,gambling game
game room,rumpus room
game show,giveaway
game theory,theory of games
game warden,gamekeeper
gameboard,board
gamecock,fighting cock
gamekeeper,game warden
gameness,lameness
games-master,games-mistress
games-mistress,games-master
gamin,street arab
gaminess,raciness
gaming,gambling
gaming house,gambling house
gamma,da Gamma
gamma aminobutyric acid,GABA
gamma globulin,human gamma globulin
gamma hydroxybutyrate,GHB
gamma radiation,gamma ray
gamma ray,gamma radiation
gammon,ham
gamp,brolly
ganapati,Ganesh
gand,Gent
gand flower,common milkwort
ganef,gonif
ganesa,Ganesh
ganesha,Ganesh
gang,pack
gang fight,rumble
gangboard,gangplank
gangdom,organized crime
ganges river,Ganges
gangland,organized crime
gangliocyte,ganglion cell
ganglion cell,gangliocyte
gangplank,gangboard
gangrene,sphacelus
gangrenous emphysema,gas gangrene
gangster,mobster
gangster's moll,moll
gangway,gangplank
ganja,marijuana
ganof,gonif
ganoid,ganoid fish
ganoid fish,ganoid
ganoin,ganoine
ganoine,ganoin
gansu province,Gansu
gantanol,sulfamethoxazole
gantlet,gauntlet
gantrisin,sulfisoxazole
gantry,gauntry
gao,Government Accounting Office
gaol,jail
gaolbird,jail bird
gaolbreak,break
gaoler,prison guard
gap,spread
gar,garfish
garage,service department
garage sale,yard sale
garambulla,garambulla cactus
garambulla cactus,garambulla
garamycin,gentamicin
garand,Garand rifle
garb,attire
garbage,refuse
garbage can,ashcan
garbage carter,garbage man
garbage collection,garbage pickup
garbage collector,garbage man
garbage disposal,disposal
garbage dump,dump
garbage hauler,garbage man
garbage heap,junk heap
garbage man,garbageman
garbage pickup,garbage collection
garbage truck,dustcart
garbageman,garbage man
garbanzo,chickpea
garboard,garboard plank
garboard plank,garboard
garboard strake,garboard
garboil,tumult
garcinia cambogia,gamboge tree
garcinia gummi-gutta,gamboge tree
garcinia hanburyi,gamboge tree
garcinia mangostana,mangosteen
garden angelica,archangel
garden balm,lemon balm
garden cart,barrow
garden centipede,garden symphilid
garden chair,lawn chair
garden current,red currant
garden egg,eggplant
garden forget-me-not,Myosotis sylvatica
garden heliotrope,common valerian
garden huckleberry,wonderberry
garden lettuce,common lettuce
garden loosestrife,yellow loosestrife
garden nasturtium,Indian cress
garden of eden,Eden
garden orache,mountain spinach
garden party,lawn party
garden pea,garden pea plant
garden pea plant,garden pea
garden pepper cress,common garden cress
garden pink,pink
garden rhubarb,pie plant
garden rocket,rocket
garden sorrel,French sorrel
garden spider,Aranea diademata
garden state,New Jersey
garden stater,New Jerseyan
garden strawberry,cultivated strawberry
garden symphilid,garden centipede
garden tool,lawn tool
garden truck,produce
garden violet,sweet violet
garden webworm,Loxostege similalis
gardener,nurseryman
gardener's delight,mullein pink
gardener's garters,reed canary grass
gardenia augusta,cape jasmine
gardenia jasminoides,cape jasmine
gardening,horticulture
garfish,gar
garganey,Anas querquedula
garget,poke
gargle,mouthwash
gargoylism,Hurler's syndrome
gari,bitter cassava
garishness,flashiness
garland crab,American crab apple
garland flower,Daphne cneorum
garlic,Allium sativum
garlic chive,Chinese chive
garlic clove,clove
garlic mustard,hedge garlic
garlic sauce,aioli
garment-worker,garmentmaker
garment industry,apparel industry
garment worker,garmentmaker
garmentmaker,garment-worker
garner,granary
garonne river,Garonne
garotte,garrote
garpike,gar
garret,loft
garrison,fort
garrison cap,overseas cap
garrote,garotte
garroter,garrotter
garrotte,garrote
garrotter,garroter
garrulity,garrulousness
garrulousness,garrulity
garry oak,Oregon white oak
garter,supporter
garter belt,suspender belt
garter snake,grass snake
gartner's bacillus,Salmonella enteritidis
garullus garullus,common European jay
gary cooper,Cooper
gary kasparov,Kasparov
gary weinstein,Kasparov
gas,gaseous state
gas-discharge lamp,electric-discharge lamp
gas bomb,chemical bomb
gas burner,gas jet
gas chamber,death chamber
gas company,gas service
gas constant,universal gas constant
gas cooker,gas range
gas embolism,air embolism
gas gage,gasoline gauge
gas gangrene,clostridial myonecrosis
gas gauge,gasoline gauge
gas giant,Jovian planet
gas helmet,gasmask
gas holder,gasometer
gas jet,gas burner
gas line,fuel line
gas meter,gasometer
gas mileage,mileage
gas pedal,accelerator
gas phlegmon,gas gangrene
gas plant,fraxinella
gas pump,gasoline pump
gas range,gas stove
gas service,gas company
gas station,gasoline station
gas stove,gas range
gas tank,gasoline tank
gas thermometer,air thermometer
gasbag,windbag
gasconade,brag
gascony,Gascogne
gaseous nebula,diffuse nebula
gaseous state,gas
gash,cut
gasmask,respirator
gasolene,gasoline
gasoline,gasolene
gasoline bomb,Molotov cocktail
gasoline engine,petrol engine
gasoline gage,gasoline gauge
gasoline gauge,gasoline gage
gasoline mileage,mileage
gasoline pump,gas pump
gasoline station,gas station
gasoline tank,gas tank
gasometer,gas meter
gasp,pant
gaspar,Caspar
gasteromycete,gastromycete
gasterophilus intestinalis,horse botfly
gasteropoda,Gastropoda
gasterosteus aculeatus,three-spined stickleback
gasterosteus pungitius,ten-spined stickleback
gaston lachaise,Lachaise
gastralgia,stomachache
gastric acid,gastric juice
gastric antacid,antacid
gastric artery,arteria gastrica
gastric juice,gastric acid
gastric mill,gizzard
gastric vein,vena gastrica
gastrocnemius,gastrocnemius muscle
gastrocnemius muscle,gastrocnemius
gastrocolic omentum,greater omentum
gastroenteritis,stomach flu
gastroepiploic vein,gastroomental vein
gastroesophageal reflux,esophageal reflux
gastrointestinal disorder,food poisoning
gastrointestinal hormone,GI hormones
gastrointestinal system,digestive system
gastrointestinal tract,alimentary canal
gastrolobium,poison bush
gastromycete,gasteromycete
gastromycetes,Gasteromycetes
gastronome,epicure
gastroomental vein,gastroepiploic vein
gastrophryne carolinensis,eastern narrow-mouthed toad
gastrophryne olivacea,western narrow-mouthed toad
gastropod,univalve
gat,rod
gate,logic gate
gatecrasher,crasher
gatefold,foldout
gatekeeper,doorkeeper
gateway to the west,Saint Louis
gather,gathering
gatherer,collector
gathering,assemblage
gator,alligator
gatt,General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
gaucheness,crudeness
gaucherie,rusticity
gaud,bangle
gaudery,pomp
gaudi i cornet,Gaudi
gaudiness,flashiness
gauffer,goffer
gauffering iron,goffer
gauge,gage
gaul,frog
gaultheria hispidula,creeping snowberry
gaultheria procumbens,teaberry
gaultheria shallon,salal
gauntlet,gantlet
gauntness,bonyness
gauntry,gantry
gaur,Bibos gaurus
gaussian curve,normal curve
gaussian distribution,normal distribution
gaussian shape,normal curve
gaussmeter,magnetometer
gautama,Buddha
gautama buddha,Buddha
gautama siddhartha,Buddha
gauze,gauze bandage
gauze bandage,gauze
gavage,forced feeding
gavial,Gavialis gangeticus
gavialis gangeticus,gavial
gawk,lout
gawkiness,ungainliness
gay-feather,blazing star
gay lib,gay liberation movement
gay liberation movement,gay lib
gay man,shirtlifter
gay woman,lesbian
gayal,mithan
gayfeather,blazing star
gaylussacia baccata,black huckleberry
gaylussacia brachycera,box huckleberry
gaylussacia frondosa,dangleberry
gayness,homosexuality
gaywings,flowering wintergreen
gaza,Gaza Strip
gazania rigens,treasure flower
gaze,regard
gazebo,summerhouse
gazella thomsoni,Thomson's gazelle
gazelle hound,Saluki
gazillion,million
gb,sarin
gbit,gigabit
gbu-28,Bunker Buster
gc,gigahertz
gca,ground-controlled approach
gcse,General Certificate of Secondary Education
gd,soman
gdp,gross domestic product
ge,germanium
gean,mazzard
gear,gear wheel
gear box,gearbox
gear case,gearbox
gear lever,gearshift
gear mechanism,gear
gear wheel,gear
gearbox,gear box
geared wheel,gear
gearing,gear
gearshift,gearstick
gearstick,gearshift
geartrain,gearing
gebang palm,Corypha utan
gebhard leberecht von blucher,Blucher
gee,g
geek,eccentric
geert geerts,Erasmus
geezerhood,old age
gefilte fish,fish ball
gegenschein,counterglow
geiger-muller counter,Geiger counter
geiger-muller tube,Geiger tube
geisha,geisha girl
geisha girl,geisha
gel,colloidal gel
gelatin,gelatine
gelatine,gelatin
gelatinousness,glutinosity
gelechia gossypiella,pink bollworm
gelechiid,gelechiid moth
gelechiid moth,gelechiid
gelidity,chill
gelignite,gelly
gelly,gelignite
gelsemium sempervirens,yellow jasmine
gelt,boodle
gem,treasure
gem clip,paper clip
gem state,Idaho
gemfibrozil,Lopid
gemination,duplication
gemini the twins,Gemini
gemmation,pullulation
gemonil,metharbital
gempylus serpens,snake mackerel
gemsbok,gemsbuck
gemsbuck,gemsbok
gemstone,gem
gen x,generation X
gendarmerie,gendarmery
gendarmery,gendarmerie
gender,grammatical gender
gene,cistron
gene-splicing,genetic engineering
gene chip,DNA chip
gene delivery vector,transducing vector
gene kelly,Kelly
gene linkage,linkage
gene mutation,point mutation
gene sarazen,Sarazen
gene tunney,Tunney
genealogy,family tree
general-purpose bomb,GP bomb
general agent,universal agent
general anaesthesia,general anesthesia
general anaesthetic,general anesthetic
general anatomy,anatomy
general anesthesia,general anaesthesia
general anesthetic,general anaesthetic
general baptist,Arminian Baptist
general charles de gaulle,de Gaulle
general custer,Custer
general damages,actual damages
general de gaulle,de Gaulle
general delivery,poste restante
general franco,Franco
general headquarters,command post
general knowledge,public knowledge
general medicine,internal medicine
general practitioner,GP
general relativity,general theory of relativity
general relativity theory,general relativity
general security services,Shin Bet
general store,country store
general theory of relativity,general relativity
generalcy,generalship
generalisation,generalization
generalissimo,commander in chief
generalist,Renaissance man
generality,generalization
generalization,generalisation
generalized anxiety disorder,GAD
generalized epilepsy,grand mal epilepsy
generalized seizure,grand mal
generally accepted accounting principles,GAAP
generalship,generalcy
generation,coevals
generator,source
generic wine,generic
generosity,generousness
generousness,generosity
genesis,generation
genetic abnormality,genetic disease
genetic constitution,genotype
genetic defect,genetic disease
genetic disease,genetic disorder
genetic disorder,genetic disease
genetic endowment,heredity
genetic engineering,gene-splicing
genetic fingerprint,DNA fingerprint
genetic fingerprinting,genetic profiling
genetic mutation,mutation
genetic profiling,genetic fingerprinting
genetic psychology,developmental psychology
genetic science,genetics
genetics,genetic science
genetta genetta,genet
geneve,Geneva
genf,Geneva
geniality,affability
genicular vein,vena genus
genie,jinni
genip,Spanish lime
genipa americana,genipap fruit
genipap,genipap fruit
genipap fruit,jagua
genista anglica,broom tree
genista hispanica,Spanish broom
genista raetam,retem
genista tinctoria,woodwaxen
genital herpes,herpes genitalis
genital organ,genitalia
genital phase,genital stage
genital stage,genital phase
genital system,reproductive system
genital wart,venereal wart
genitalia,genital organ
genitals,genitalia
genitive case,genitive
genitourinary apparatus,urogenital system
genitourinary system,urogenital system
genius,mastermind
genocide,race murder
genotype,genetic constitution
genova,Genoa
genre,writing style
gens,name
gent,chap
gentamicin,Garamycin
genteelness,breeding
gentian family,Gentianaceae
gentian violet,crystal violet
gentiana acaulis,gentianella
gentiana andrewsii,closed gentian
gentiana calycosa,explorer's gentian
gentiana clausa,closed gentian
gentiana crinita,Gentianopsis crinita
gentiana detonsa,Gentianopsis detonsa
gentiana holopetala,tufted gentian
gentiana lutea,great yellow gentian
gentiana pneumonanthe,marsh gentian
gentiana procera,Gentianopsid procera
gentiana quinquefolia,agueweed
gentiana saponaria,soapwort gentian
gentiana thermalis,Gentianopsis thermalis
gentiana villosa,striped gentian
gentianella amarella,felwort
gentianella quinquefolia,agueweed
gentianopsis holopetala,tufted gentian
gentility,breeding
gentle wind,breeze
gentleman,valet
gentleman's-cane,prince's-feather
gentleman's gentleman,valet
gentleman jim,Corbett
gentleman johnny,Burgoyne
gentleness,gradualness
gentlewoman,dame
gentry,aristocracy
genu,knee
genu valgum,knock-knee
genu varum,bowleg
genuflection,genuflexion
genuflexion,genuflection
genuineness,authenticity
genus-fenusa,Fenusa
genus-megapodius,Megapodius
genus-milvus,Milvus
genus abelmoschus,Abelmoschus
genus abies,Abies
genus abramis,Abramis
genus abrocoma,Abrocoma
genus abronia,Abronia
genus abudefduf,Abudefduf
genus abutilon,Abutilon
genus acalypha,Acalypha
genus acanthisitta,Acanthisitta
genus acanthocereus,Acanthocereus
genus acanthocybium,Acanthocybium
genus acanthophis,Acanthophis
genus acanthoscelides,Acanthoscelides
genus acanthurus,Acanthurus
genus acarus,acarus
genus accipiter,Accipiter
genus acer,Acer
genus acherontia,Acherontia
genus acheta,Acheta
genus achoerodus,Achoerodus
genus achras,Achras
genus acinonyx,Acinonyx
genus acinos,Acinos
genus acipenser,Acipenser
genus acocanthera,Acocanthera
genus acokanthera,Acocanthera
genus aconitum,Aconitum
genus acorus,Acorus
genus acridotheres,Acridotheres
genus acris,Acris
genus acrobates,Acrobates
genus acrocarpus,Acrocarpus
genus acrocephalus,Acrocephalus
genus acroclinium,Acroclinium
genus acrocomia,Acrocomia
genus acropora,Acropora
genus acrostichum,Acrostichum
genus actaea,Actaea
genus actias,Actias
genus actinia,Actinia
genus actinidia,Actinidia
genus actiniopteris,Actiniopteris
genus actinomeris,Actinomeris
genus actitis,Actitis
genus adalia,Adalia
genus adansonia,Adansonia
genus adelges,Adelges
genus adenanthera,Adenanthera
genus adenium,Adenium
genus adenota,Adenota
genus adiantum,Adiantum
genus adlumia,Adlumia
genus adonis,Adonis
genus aedes,Aedes
genus aegiceras,Aegiceras
genus aegilops,Aegilops
genus aegypius,Aegypius
genus aeonium,Aeonium
genus aepyceros,Aepyceros
genus aerobacter,Aerobacter
genus aesculus,Aesculus
genus aethionema,Aethionema
genus aethusa,Aethusa
genus aetobatus,Aetobatus
genus aframomum,Aframomum
genus afrocarpus,Afrocarpus
genus agalinis,Agalinis
genus agapornis,Agapornis
genus agaricus,Agaricus
genus agastache,Agastache
genus agathis,Agathis
genus agdestis,Agdestis
genus agelaius,Agelaius
genus ageratina,Ageratina
genus agkistrodon,Agkistrodon
genus aglaomorpha,Aglaomorpha
genus aglaonema,Aglaonema
genus agonus,Agonus
genus agriocharis,Agriocharis
genus agrobacterium,Agrobacterium
genus agropyron,Agropyron
genus agrostemma,Agrostemma
genus agrostis,Agrostis
genus ailuropoda,Ailuropoda
genus ailurus,Ailurus
genus aix,Aix
genus ajaia,Ajaia
genus ajuga,Ajuga
genus alauda,Alauda
genus albatrellus,Albatrellus
genus albizzia,genus Albizia
genus albugo,Albugo
genus albula,Albula
genus alca,Alca
genus alcea,Alcea
genus alcedo,Alcedo
genus alcelaphus,Alcelaphus
genus alces,Alces
genus aldrovanda,Aldrovanda
genus alectis,Alectis
genus alectoria,Alectoria
genus alectoris,Alectoris
genus alectura,Alectura
genus alepisaurus,Alepisaurus
genus aletris,Aletris
genus aleurites,Aleurites
genus aleyrodes,Aleyrodes
genus algeripithecus,Algeripithecus
genus alisma,Alisma
genus alliaria,Alliaria
genus allionia,Allionia
genus allium,Allium
genus alnus,Alnus
genus alopecurus,Alopecurus
genus alopex,Alopex
genus alopius,Alopius
genus alosa,Alosa
genus alouatta,Alouatta
genus alpinia,Alpinia
genus alsobia,Alsobia
genus alsophila,Alsophila
genus alstonia,Alstonia
genus alternanthera,Alternanthera
genus alyssum,Alyssum
genus alytes,Alytes
genus amanita,Amanita
genus amaranthus,Amaranthus
genus amauropelta,Amauropelta
genus amazona,Amazona
genus amberboa,Amberboa
genus ambloplites,Ambloplites
genus amblyrhynchus,Amblyrhynchus
genus ambystoma,Ambystoma
genus ameiurus,Ameiurus
genus amelanchier,Amelanchier
genus amia,Amia
genus amianthum,Amianthum
genus ammodytes,Ammodytes
genus ammotragus,Ammotragus
genus amphibolips,Amphibolips
genus amphicarpa,Amphicarpaea
genus amphicarpaea,Amphicarpaea
genus amphiprion,Amphiprion
genus amphisbaena,Amphisbaena
genus amphisbaenia,Amphisbaena
genus amsinckia,Amsinckia
genus amsonia,Amsonia
genus amygdalus,Amygdalus
genus anabas,Anabas
genus anabrus,Anabrus
genus anacardium,Anacardium
genus anacyclus,Anacyclus
genus anadenanthera,Anadenanthera
genus anagallis,Anagallis
genus anagasta,Anagasta
genus anagyris,Anagyris
genus ananas,Ananas
genus anaphalis,Anaphalis
genus anarhichas,Anarhichas
genus anas,Anas
genus anasa,Anasa
genus anastatica,Anastatica
genus anastomus,Anastomus
genus ancistrodon,Agkistrodon
genus ancylus,Ancylus
genus andira,Andira
genus andreaea,Andreaea
genus andricus,Andricus
genus andropogon,Andropogon
genus aneides,Aneides
genus anemia,Anemia
genus anemonella,Anemonella
genus anemopsis,Anemopsis
genus anethum,Anethum
genus angraecum,genus Angrecum
genus anguilla,Anguilla
genus anguillula,Anguillula
genus anguis,Anguis
genus anhima,Anhima
genus anigozanthus,Anigozanthus
genus anisotremus,Anisotremus
genus annona,Annona
genus anodonta,Anodonta
genus anoectochilus,Anoectochilus
genus anogramma,Anogramma
genus anolis,Anolis
genus anomala,Anomala
genus anomia,Anomia
genus anopheles,Anopheles
genus anser,Anser
genus antedon,Antedon
genus antennaria,Antennaria
genus anthemis,Anthemis
genus antheraea,Antheraea
genus anthericum,Anthericum
genus antheropeas,Antheropeas
genus anthidium,Anthidium
genus anthoceros,Anthoceros
genus anthonomus,Anthonomus
genus anthriscus,Anthriscus
genus anthus,Anthus
genus anthyllis,Anthyllis
genus antidorcas,Antidorcas
genus antigonia,Antigonia
genus antilocapra,Antilocapra
genus antilope,Antilope
genus antirrhinum,Antirrhinum
genus antrodemus,genus Allosaurus
genus antrozous,Antrozous
genus aotus,Aotus
genus apatura,Apatura
genus aphis,Aphis
genus aphriza,Aphriza
genus aphrophora,Aphrophora
genus aphyllanthes,Aphyllanthes
genus apios,Apios
genus apis,Apis
genus apium,Apium
genus aplectrum,Aplectrum
genus aplodontia,Aplodontia
genus aplysia,Aplysia
genus apocynum,Apocynum
genus apodemus,Apodemus
genus apogon,Apogon
genus aporocactus,Aporocactus
genus aptenodytes,Aptenodytes
genus apus,Apus
genus aquila,Aquila
genus ara,Ara
genus arabidopsis,Arabidopsis
genus arabis,Arabis
genus arachis,Arachis
genus aramus,Aramus
genus aranea,Aranea
genus araneus,Aranea
genus araujia,Araujia
genus arca,Arca
genus arceuthobium,Arceuthobium
genus archeopteryx,genus Archaeopteryx
genus archidiskidon,Archidiskidon
genus archilochus,Archilochus
genus archosargus,Archosargus
genus arctictis,Arctictis
genus arctium,Arctium
genus arctocebus,Arctocebus
genus arctocephalus,Arctocephalus
genus arctonyx,Arctonyx
genus arctostaphylos,Arctostaphylos
genus arctotis,Arctotis
genus ardea,Ardea
genus ardisia,Ardisia
genus arenaria,Arenaria
genus arenga,Arenga
genus argentina,Argentina
genus argiope,Argiope
genus argonauta,Argonauta
genus argusianus,Argusianus
genus argynnis,Argynnis
genus argyranthemum,Argyranthemum
genus argyreia,Argyreia
genus argyrotaenia,Argyrotaenia
genus argyroxiphium,Argyroxiphium
genus arilus,Arilus
genus ariocarpus,Ariocarpus
genus ariomma,Ariomma
genus arisaema,Arisaema
genus arisarum,Arisarum
genus aristolochia,Aristolochia
genus aristotelia,Aristotelia
genus arius,Arius
genus arizona,Arizona
genus armadillidium,Armadillidium
genus armeria,Armeria
genus armillaria,Armillaria
genus armillariella,Armillariella
genus armoracia,Armoracia
genus arnoseris,Arnoseris
genus arrhenatherum,Arrhenatherum
genus artamus,Artamus
genus artemia,Artemia
genus arthropteris,Arthropteris
genus artocarpus,Artocarpus
genus arundinaria,Arundinaria
genus arundo,Arundo
genus arvicola,Arvicola
genus asarum,Asarum
genus ascaphus,Ascaphus
genus ascaridia,Ascaridia
genus ascaris,Ascaris
genus asclepias,Asclepias
genus ascophyllum,Ascophyllum
genus asimina,Asimina
genus asio,Asio
genus aspalathus,Aspalathus
genus aspergillus,Aspergillus
genus asperula,Asperula
genus asphodeline,Asphodeline
genus asphodelus,Asphodelus
genus aspidelaps,Aspidelaps
genus aspidiotus,Aspidiotus
genus aspidophoroides,Aspidophoroides
genus aspis,genus Cerastes
genus asplenium,Asplenium
genus astacus,Astacus
genus astragalus,Astragalus
genus astreus,Astreus
genus astroloma,Astroloma
genus astronium,Astronium
genus astrophyton,Astrophyton
genus astropogon,Astropogon
genus ateles,Ateles
genus athene,Athene
genus atherinopsis,Atherinopsis
genus atherurus,Atherurus
genus athrotaxis,Athrotaxis
genus athyrium,Athyrium
genus atrichornis,Atrichornis
genus atriplex,Atriplex
genus atropa,Atropa
genus attalea,Attalea
genus atticus,Atticus
genus aucuba,Aucuba
genus aulacorhyncus,Aulacorhyncus
genus aulostomus,Aulostomus
genus aureolaria,Aureolaria
genus auricularia,Auricularia
genus auriparus,Auriparus
genus austrocedrus,Austrocedrus
genus austrotaxus,Austrotaxus
genus automeris,Automeris
genus avahi,Avahi
genus avena,Avena
genus averrhoa,Averrhoa
genus avicennia,Avicennia
genus aythya,Aythya
genus azadirachta,Azadirachta
genus azolla,Azolla
genus babyrousa,Babyrousa
genus baccharis,Baccharis
genus bacteroides,Bacteroides
genus baiomys,Baiomys
genus bairdiella,Bairdiella
genus balaena,Balaena
genus balaeniceps,Balaeniceps
genus balaenoptera,Balaenoptera
genus balanus,Balanus
genus balistes,Balistes
genus ballota,Ballota
genus balsamorhiza,Balsamorhiza
genus bambusa,Bambusa
genus bankia,Bankia
genus baphia,Baphia
genus baptisia,Baptisia
genus barbarea,Barbarea
genus bartle-frere,Bartle Frere
genus bartramia,Bartramia
genus basiliscus,Basiliscus
genus bassariscus,Bassariscus
genus bassia,Bassia
genus bathyergus,Bathyergus
genus batis,Batis
genus batrachoseps,Batrachoseps
genus bauhinia,Bauhinia
genus beaumontia,Beaumontia
genus belamcanda,Belamcanda
genus bellis,Bellis
genus bemisia,Bemisia
genus bennettitis,Bennettitis
genus benzoin,Benzoin
genus berberis,Berberis
genus berteroa,Berteroa
genus bertholletia,Bertholletia
genus bessera,Bessera
genus besseya,Besseya
genus beta,Beta
genus bettongia,Bettongia
genus betula,Betula
genus bibos,Bibos
genus bidens,Bidens
genus bignonia,Bignonia
genus biscutella,Biscutella
genus bitis,Bitis
genus blaberus,Blaberus
genus blandfordia,Blandfordia
genus blarina,Blarina
genus blastocladia,Blastocladia
genus blastomyces,Blastomyces
genus blatta,Blatta
genus blattella,Blattella
genus blechnum,Blechnum
genus blennius,Blennius
genus blephilia,Blephilia
genus bletilla,Bletilla
genus blighia,Blighia
genus blissus,Blissus
genus bloomeria,Bloomeria
genus boehmeria,Boehmeria
genus bolbitis,Bolbitis
genus boletellus,Boletellus
genus boletus,Boletus
genus boltonia,Boltonia
genus bomarea,Bomarea
genus bombax,Bombax
genus bombina,Bombina
genus bombus,Bombus
genus bombycilla,Bombycilla
genus bombyx,Bombyx
genus bonasa,Bonasa
genus borago,Borago
genus borassus,Borassus
genus bos,Bos
genus boselaphus,Boselaphus
genus boswellia,Boswellia
genus botaurus,Botaurus
genus bothrops,Bothrops
genus botrychium,Botrychium
genus bougainvillaea,genus Bougainvillea
genus bouteloua,Bouteloua
genus bowiea,Bowiea
genus boykinia,Boykinia
genus brachinus,Brachinus
genus brachychiton,Brachychiton
genus brachycome,Brachycome
genus brachystegia,Brachystegia
genus bradypus,Bradypus
genus brama,Brama
genus branchiobdella,Branchiobdella
genus branta,Branta
genus brasenia,Brasenia
genus brassia,Brassia
genus brassica,Brassica
genus brevoortia,Brevoortia
genus brickelia,Brickellia
genus bromus,Bromus
genus brontosaurus,genus Apatosaurus
genus broussonetia,Broussonetia
genus browmius,Brosmius
genus bruchus,Bruchus
genus bruckenthalia,Bruckenthalia
genus brugmansia,Brugmansia
genus brunfelsia,Brunfelsia
genus brya,Brya
genus bryum,Bryum
genus bubalus,Bubalus
genus bubo,Bubo
genus bubulcus,Bubulcus
genus bucephala,Bucephala
genus buceros,Buceros
genus buchloe,Buchloe
genus budorcas,Budorcas
genus bulnesia,Bulnesia
genus bumelia,Bumelia
genus bungarus,Bungarus
genus buphthalmum,Buphthalmum
genus burhinus,Burhinus
genus burmannia,Burmannia
genus burmeisteria,Burmeisteria
genus bursera,Bursera
genus butea,Butea
genus buteo,Buteo
genus buxus,Buxus
genus cabomba,Cabomba
genus cacajao,Cacajao
genus cacalia,Cacalia
genus cacatua,Kakatoe
genus cacicus,Cacicus
genus cadra,Cadra
genus caenolestes,Caenolestes
genus caesalpinia,Caesalpinia
genus cairina,Cairina
genus cajanus,Cajanus
genus cakile,Cakile
genus calamagrostis,Calamagrostis
genus calamintha,Calamintha
genus calandrinia,Calandrinia
genus calidris,Calidris
genus calla,Calla
genus callicebus,Callicebus
genus callimorpha,Callimorpha
genus callinectes,Callinectes
genus calliophis,Calliophis
genus calliphora,Calliphora
genus callirhoe,Callirhoe
genus callisaurus,Callisaurus
genus callistephus,Callistephus
genus callithrix,Callithrix
genus callitriche,Callitriche
genus callitris,Callitris
genus callophis,Calliophis
genus callorhinus,Callorhinus
genus calluna,Calluna
genus calocarpum,Calocarpum
genus calocedrus,Calocedrus
genus calochortus,Calochortus
genus calophyllum,Calophyllum
genus calopogon,Calopogon
genus caltha,Caltha
genus calvatia,Calvatia
genus calycanthus,Calycanthus
genus calycophyllum,Calycophyllum
genus calymmatobacterium,Calymmatobacterium
genus calystegia,Calystegia
genus camassia,Camassia
genus cambarus,Cambarus
genus camelina,Camelina
genus camelus,Camelus
genus campephilus,Campephilus
genus camponotus,Camponotus
genus camptosorus,Camptosorus
genus campyloneurum,Campyloneurum
genus campylorhynchus,Campylorhynchus
genus canachites,Canachites
genus cananga,Cananga
genus canangium,Cananga
genus canavalia,Canavalia
genus cancer,Cancer
genus canis,Canis
genus cantharellus,Cantharellus
genus capella,Gallinago
genus capparis,Capparis
genus capra,Capra
genus caprella,Caprella
genus capreolus,Capreolus
genus capricornis,Capricornis
genus caprimulgus,Caprimulgus
genus capros,Capros
genus capsella,Capsella
genus caranx,Caranx
genus carassius,Carassius
genus carcharhinus,Carcharhinus
genus carcharias,Carcharias
genus carcharodon,Carcharodon
genus cardamine,Cardamine
genus cardiospermum,Cardiospermum
genus cardium,Cardium
genus carduelis,Carduelis
genus carduus,Carduus
genus caretta,Caretta
genus carex,Carex
genus cariama,Cariama
genus carica,Carica
genus carlina,Carlina
genus carnegiea,Carnegiea
genus carphophis,Carphophis
genus carpinus,Carpinus
genus carpobrotus,Carpobrotus
genus carpocapsa,Carpocapsa
genus carpodacus,Carpodacus
genus carthamus,Carthamus
genus carum,Carum
genus carya,Carya
genus caryocar,Caryocar
genus caryota,Caryota
genus casmerodius,Casmerodius
genus cassiope,Cassiope
genus castanea,Castanea
genus castanopsis,Castanopsis
genus castanospermum,Castanospermum
genus castilleia,Castilleja
genus castilleja,Castilleja
genus castor,Castor
genus castoroides,Castoroides
genus casuarius,Casuarius
genus catacala,Catacala
genus catasetum,Catasetum
genus catha,Catha
genus catharacta,Catharacta
genus catharanthus,Catharanthus
genus cathartes,Cathartes
genus catoptrophorus,Catoptrophorus
genus catostomus,Catostomus
genus caulophyllum,Caulophyllum
genus cavia,Cavia
genus cebuella,Cebuella
genus cebus,Cebus
genus cecropia,Cecropia
genus cedrela,Cedrela
genus cedrus,Cedrus
genus ceiba,Ceiba
genus celastrus,Celastrus
genus celosia,Celosia
genus celtis,Celtis
genus cenchrus,Cenchrus
genus centaurea,Centaurea
genus centaurium,Centaurium
genus centranthus,Centranthus
genus centrocercus,Centrocercus
genus centrolobium,Centrolobium
genus centropomus,Centropomus
genus centropristis,Centropristis
genus centropus,Centropus
genus centrosema,Centrosema
genus centunculus,Centunculus
genus cephalanthera,Cephalanthera
genus cephalopterus,Cephalopterus
genus cephalotaxus,Cephalotaxus
genus cephalotus,Cephalotus
genus cepphus,Cepphus
genus cerapteryx,Cerapteryx
genus cerastium,Cerastium
genus ceratitis,Ceratitis
genus ceratonia,Ceratonia
genus ceratopetalum,Ceratopetalum
genus ceratophyllum,Ceratophyllum
genus ceratopogon,Ceratopogon
genus ceratopteris,Ceratopteris
genus ceratostomella,Ceratostomella
genus ceratotherium,Ceratotherium
genus cercidiphyllum,Cercidiphyllum
genus cercidium,Cercidium
genus cercis,Cercis
genus cercocebus,Cercocebus
genus cercopithecus,Cercopithecus
genus cercospora,Cercospora
genus cercosporella,Cercosporella
genus cereus,Cereus
genus ceroxylon,Ceroxylon
genus certhia,Certhia
genus cervus,Cervus
genus ceryle,Ceryle
genus cestrum,Cestrum
genus cestum,Cestum
genus ceterach,Ceterach
genus cetonia,Cetonia
genus cetorhinus,Cetorhinus
genus cetraria,Cetraria
genus chaenomeles,Chaenomeles
genus chaenopsis,Chaenopsis
genus chaetodipterus,Chaetodipterus
genus chalcis,Chalcis
genus chalcostigma,Chalcostigma
genus chamaea,Chamaea
genus chamaecrista,Chamaecrista
genus chamaecyparis,Chamaecyparis
genus chamaecytisus,Chamaecytisus
genus chamaedaphne,Chamaedaphne
genus chamaeleo,Chamaeleo
genus chamaeleon,Chamaeleo
genus chamaemelum,Chamaemelum
genus chara,Chara
genus charadrius,Charadrius
genus charina,Charina
genus charronia,Charronia
genus chateura,Chateura
genus chauna,Chauna
genus cheilanthes,Cheilanthes
genus cheiranthus,Cheiranthus
genus chelidonium,Chelidonium
genus chelifer,Chelifer
genus chelone,Chelone
genus chelonia,Chelonia
genus chelydra,Chelydra
genus chenopodium,Chenopodium
genus chilomastix,Chilomastix
genus chilomeniscus,Chilomeniscus
genus chilomycterus,Chilomycterus
genus chilopsis,Chilopsis
genus chimaphila,Chimaphila
genus chimonanthus,Chimonanthus
genus chinchona,genus Cinchona
genus chiococca,Chiococca
genus chionanthus,Chionanthus
genus chirocephalus,Artemia
genus chironomus,Chironomus
genus chlamydera,Chlamydera
genus chlamydomonas,Chlamydomonas
genus chlamydosaurus,Chlamydosaurus
genus chlamyphorus,Chlamyphorus
genus chloranthus,Chloranthus
genus chloris,Chloris
genus chlorococcum,Chlorococcum
genus chlorophis,Chlorophis
genus chlorophoneus,Chlorophoneus
genus chloroxylon,Chloroxylon
genus chlorura,Chlorura
genus choeronycteris,Choeronycteris
genus choloepus,Choloepus
genus chondrus,Chondrus
genus chordeiles,Chordeiles
genus chordospartium,Chordospartium
genus choriotis,Choriotis
genus chorizagrotis,Chorizagrotis
genus chorizema,Chorizema
genus chronoperates,Chronoperates
genus chrysaora,Chrysaora
genus chrysemys,Chrysemys
genus chrysobalanus,Chrysobalanus
genus chrysochloris,Chrysochloris
genus chrysolepis,Chrysolepis
genus chrysolophus,Chrysolophus
genus chrysophrys,Chrysophrys
genus chrysophyllum,Chrysophyllum
genus chrysopsis,Chrysopsis
genus chrysosplenium,Chrysosplenium
genus chrysothamnus,Chrysothamnus
genus cibotium,Cibotium
genus cicer,Cicer
genus cichorium,Cichorium
genus ciconia,Ciconia
genus cicuta,Cicuta
genus cimex,Cimex
genus cimicifuga,Cimicifuga
genus cinclus,Cinclus
genus cinnamomum,Cinnamomum
genus circaea,Circaea
genus circaetus,Circaetus
genus circus,Circus
genus cirsium,Cirsium
genus cistothorus,Cistothorus
genus cistus,Cistus
genus citellus,Citellus
genus citharichthys,Citharichthys
genus citroncirus,Citroncirus
genus citrullus,Citrullus
genus cladonia,Cladonia
genus cladorhyncus,Cladorhyncus
genus cladrastis,Cladrastis
genus clangula,Clangula
genus clathrus,Clathrus
genus claviceps,Claviceps
genus claytonia,Claytonia
genus cleistes,Cleistes
genus clethra,Clethra
genus clethrionomys,Clethrionomys
genus cliftonia,Cliftonia
genus clinopodium,Clinopodium
genus clitocybe,Clitocybe
genus clitoria,Clitoria
genus clupea,Clupea
genus cnemidophorus,Cnemidophorus
genus cnicus,Cnicus
genus cnidoscolus,Cnidoscolus
genus coccothraustes,Coccothraustes
genus cocculus,Cocculus
genus coccyzus,Coccyzus
genus cochlearia,Cochlearia
genus cochlearius,Cochlearius
genus cocos,Cocos
genus codariocalyx,Codariocalyx
genus codiaeum,Codiaeum
genus coeloglossum,Coeloglossum
genus coereba,Coereba
genus coffea,Coffea
genus cola,Cola
genus colaptes,Colaptes
genus colchicum,Colchicum
genus coleonyx,Coleonyx
genus colinus,Colinus
genus collinsia,Collinsia
genus collinsonia,Collinsonia
genus collocalia,Collocalia
genus colocasia,Colocasia
genus coluber,Coluber
genus colubrina,Colubrina
genus columba,Columba
genus colutea,Colutea
genus comandra,Comandra
genus comatula,Comatula
genus commiphora,Commiphora
genus comptonia,Comptonia
genus condylura,Condylura
genus conepatus,Conepatus
genus conferva,Tribonema
genus conilurus,Conilurus
genus coniogramme,Coniogramme
genus conium,Conium
genus connarus,Connarus
genus connochaetes,Connochaetes
genus conocarpus,Conocarpus
genus conoclinium,Conoclinium
genus conopodium,Conopodium
genus conospermum,Conospermum
genus conradina,Conradina
genus consolida,Consolida
genus contopus,Contopus
genus conuropsis,Conuropsis
genus convallaria,Convallaria
genus conyza,Conyza
genus copernicia,Copernicia
genus coprinus,Coprinus
genus coptis,Coptis
genus coracias,Coracias
genus coragyps,Coragyps
genus corallorhiza,Corallorhiza
genus corchorus,Corchorus
genus cordaites,Cordaites
genus cordia,Cordia
genus cordyline,Cordyline
genus cordylus,Cordylus
genus coregonus,Coregonus
genus coriandrum,Coriandrum
genus corixa,Corixa
genus cornus,Cornus
genus corokia,Corokia
genus cortaderia,Cortaderia
genus corticium,Corticium
genus cortinarius,Cortinarius
genus corvus,Corvus
genus coryanthes,Coryanthes
genus corydalis,Corydalis
genus corydalus,Corydalus
genus corylopsis,Corylopsis
genus corylus,Corylus
genus corypha,Corypha
genus cosmocampus,Cosmocampus
genus cotinus,Cotinus
genus cottus,Cottus
genus cotula,Cotula
genus coturnix,Coturnix
genus coumarouna,Coumarouna
genus cracticus,Cracticus
genus crambe,Crambe
genus crangon,Crangon
genus craspedia,Craspedia
genus crassostrea,Crassostrea
genus crassula,Crassula
genus crataegus,Crataegus
genus crateva,Crateva
genus crax,Crax
genus crepis,Crepis
genus crescentia,Crescentia
genus crex,Crex
genus cricetus,Cricetus
genus crocethia,Crocethia
genus crocodilus,Crocodylus
genus crocodylus,Crocodylus
genus crocuta,Crocuta
genus cronartium,Cronartium
genus crotalus,Crotalus
genus crotaphytus,Crotaphytus
genus crotophaga,Crotophaga
genus cryptacanthodes,Cryptacanthodes
genus cryptobranchus,Cryptobranchus
genus cryptocercus,Cryptocercus
genus cryptogramma,Cryptogramma
genus cryptomeria,Cryptomeria
genus cryptoprocta,Cryptoprocta
genus cryptotermes,Cryptotermes
genus cryptotis,Cryptotis
genus ctenocephalides,Ctenocephalides
genus ctenocephalus,Ctenocephalus
genus cuculus,Cuculus
genus cucumis,Cucumis
genus cucurbita,Cucurbita
genus culcita,Culcita
genus culex,Culex
genus cuminum,Cuminum
genus cuniculus,Cuniculus
genus cuon,Cuon
genus cupressus,Cupressus
genus curcuma,Curcuma
genus cursorius,Cursorius
genus curtisia,Curtisia
genus cuscuta,Cuscuta
genus cuterebra,Cuterebra
genus cyamopsis,Cyamopsis
genus cyamus,Cyamus
genus cyanocitta,Cyanocitta
genus cyathea,Cyathea
genus cycas,Cycas
genus cycloloma,Cycloloma
genus cyclopes,Cyclopes
genus cyclophorus,Cyclophorus
genus cyclopterus,Cyclopterus
genus cyclosorus,Cyclosorus
genus cycnoches,Cycnoches
genus cydonia,Cydonia
genus cygnus,Cygnus
genus cynara,Cynara
genus cynips,Cynips
genus cynocephalus,Cynocephalus
genus cynodon,Cynodon
genus cynoglossum,Cynoglossum
genus cynomys,Cynomys
genus cynopterus,Cynopterus
genus cynoscion,Cynoscion
genus cyon,Cuon
genus cyperus,Cyperus
genus cyphomandra,Cyphomandra
genus cypraea,Cypraea
genus cyprinus,Cyprinus
genus cypripedium,Cypripedium
genus cyrtomium,Cyrtomium
genus cystophora,Cystophora
genus cystopteris,Cystopteris
genus cytisus,Cytisus
genus daboecia,Daboecia
genus dacelo,Dacelo
genus dacrycarpus,Dacrycarpus
genus dacrydium,Dacrydium
genus dacrymyces,Dacrymyces
genus dactylis,Dactylis
genus dactyloctenium,Dactyloctenium
genus dactylopius,Dactylopius
genus dactylopterus,Dactylopterus
genus dactylorhiza,Dactylorhiza
genus dalbergia,Dalbergia
genus dalea,Dalea
genus dama,Dama
genus damaliscus,Damaliscus
genus danaea,Danaea
genus danaus,Danaus
genus darlingtonia,Darlingtonia
genus darmera,Darmera
genus dasyatis,Dasyatis
genus dasyprocta,Dasyprocta
genus dasypus,Dasypus
genus dasyurus,Dasyurus
genus datura,Datura
genus daubentonia,Daubentonia
genus daucus,Daucus
genus daviesia,Daviesia
genus decapterus,Decapterus
genus decumaria,Decumaria
genus delairea,Delairea
genus delichon,Delichon
genus delonix,Delonix
genus delphinapterus,Delphinapterus
genus delphinus,Delphinus
genus dendranthema,Dendranthema
genus dendraspis,Dendroaspis
genus dendroaspis,Dendroaspis
genus dendrocalamus,Dendrocalamus
genus dendrocolaptes,Dendrocolaptes
genus dendroctonus,Dendroctonus
genus dendroica,Dendroica
genus dendrolagus,Dendrolagus
genus dendromecon,Dendromecon
genus denisonia,Denisonia
genus dennstaedtia,Dennstaedtia
genus dentaria,Dentaria
genus deparia,Deparia
genus dermacentor,Dermacentor
genus dermatobia,Dermatobia
genus dermochelys,Dermochelys
genus descurainia,Descurainia
genus desmanthus,Desmanthus
genus desmidium,Desmidium
genus desmodium,Desmodium
genus desmodus,Desmodus
genus desmograthus,Desmograthus
genus diacalpa,Diacalpa
genus diadophis,Diadophis
genus dialeurodes,Dialeurodes
genus dianthus,Dianthus
genus dicentra,Dicentra
genus diceros,Diceros
genus dicksonia,Dicksonia
genus dicranopteris,Dicranopteris
genus dicranum,Dicranum
genus dicrostonyx,Dicrostonyx
genus dictamnus,Dictamnus
genus dictyophera,Dictyophera
genus didelphis,Didelphis
genus dieffenbachia,Dieffenbachia
genus diervilla,Diervilla
genus digitaria,Digitaria
genus dimocarpus,Dimocarpus
genus dimorphotheca,Dimorphotheca
genus dinornis,Dinornis
genus diodon,Diodon
genus dionaea,Dionaea
genus dioscorea,Dioscorea
genus diospyros,Diospyros
genus diphylla,Diphylla
genus dipladenia,Mandevilla
genus diplopterygium,Diplopterygium
genus diplotaxis,Diplotaxis
genus dipodomys,Dipodomys
genus dipogon,Dipogon
genus dipsacus,Dipsacus
genus dipsosaurus,Dipsosaurus
genus dipteronia,Dipteronia
genus dipteryx,Coumarouna
genus dipus,Dipus
genus dirca,Dirca
genus dodonaea,Dodonaea
genus dolichonyx,Dolichonyx
genus dolichos,Dolichos
genus dolichotis,Dolichotis
genus doronicum,Doronicum
genus dorotheanthus,Dorotheanthus
genus doryopteris,Doryopteris
genus dovyalis,Dovyalis
genus draco,Draco
genus dracocephalum,Dracocephalum
genus dracula,Dracula
genus dracunculus,Dracunculus
genus dreissena,Dreissena
genus drepanis,Drepanis
genus drimys,Drimys
genus dromaius,Dromaius
genus drosera,Drosera
genus drosophyllum,Drosophyllum
genus dryadella,Dryadella
genus dryas,Dryas
genus drymarchon,Drymarchon
genus drymoglossum,Drymoglossum
genus drynaria,Drynaria
genus dryopithecus,Dryopithecus
genus dryopteris,Dryopteris
genus dumetella,Dumetella
genus durio,Durio
genus dusicyon,Dusicyon
genus dysdercus,Dysdercus
genus eacles,Eacles
genus eburophyton,Eburophyton
genus ecballium,Ecballium
genus echeneis,Echeneis
genus echidnophaga,Echidnophaga
genus echinacea,Echinacea
genus echinocereus,Echinocereus
genus echinochloa,Echinochloa
genus echinops,Echinops
genus echium,Echium
genus ectopistes,Ectopistes
genus egeria,Egeria
genus egretta,Egretta
genus eichhornia,Eichhornia
genus eira,Eira
genus elaeagnus,Elaeagnus
genus elaeis,Elaeis
genus elaeocarpus,Elaeocarpus
genus elagatis,Elagatis
genus elanoides,Elanoides
genus elanus,Elanus
genus elaphe,Elaphe
genus elaphurus,Elaphurus
genus electrophorus,Electrophorus
genus eleocharis,Eleocharis
genus elephantopus,Elephantopus
genus elephas,Elephas
genus elettaria,Elettaria
genus eleusine,Eleusine
genus eleutherodactylus,Eleutherodactylus
genus eliomys,Eliomys
genus elodea,Elodea
genus elops,Elops
genus elymus,Elymus
genus emberiza,Emberiza
genus embothrium,Embothrium
genus emilia,Emilia
genus emmanthe,Emmanthe
genus empetrum,Empetrum
genus encelia,Encelia
genus enceliopsis,Enceliopsis
genus encyclia,Encyclia
genus endamoeba,Endamoeba
genus engraulis,Engraulis
genus enhydra,Enhydra
genus ensete,Ensete
genus ensis,Ensis
genus entandrophragma,Entandrophragma
genus entelea,Entelea
genus enterobius,Enterobius
genus enterolobium,Enterolobium
genus entoloma,Entoloma
genus entomophthora,Entomophthora
genus ephestia,Ephestia
genus ephippiorhynchus,Ephippiorhynchus
genus epidendrum,Epidendrum
genus epigaea,Epigaea
genus epilachna,Epilachna
genus epilobium,Epilobium
genus epimedium,Epimedium
genus epinephelus,Epinephelus
genus epipactis,Epipactis
genus epipremnum,Epipremnum
genus eptesicus,Eptesicus
genus equetus,Equetus
genus equisetum,Equisetum
genus equus,Equus
genus eragrostis,Eragrostis
genus eranthis,Eranthis
genus ercilla,Ercilla
genus erethizon,Erethizon
genus eretmochelys,Eretmochelys
genus erianthus,Erianthus
genus erigeron,Erigeron
genus erignathus,Erignathus
genus erinaceus,Erinaceus
genus eriobotrya,Eriobotrya
genus eriocaulon,Eriocaulon
genus eriodictyon,Eriodictyon
genus eriophorum,Eriophorum
genus eriophyllum,Eriophyllum
genus eriosoma,Eriosoma
genus erithacus,Erithacus
genus erodium,Erodium
genus erolia,Erolia
genus eruca,Eruca
genus eryngium,Eryngium
genus erysimum,Erysimum
genus erysiphe,Erysiphe
genus erythrocebus,Erythrocebus
genus erythronium,Erythronium
genus erythroxylon,Erythroxylon
genus erythroxylum,Erythroxylon
genus eschrichtius,Eschrichtius
genus eschscholtzia,Eschscholtzia
genus esox,Esox
genus estrilda,Estrilda
genus etropus,Etropus
genus euarctos,Euarctos
genus eucarya,Eucarya
genus eucinostomus,Eucinostomus
genus euderma,Euderma
genus eudyptes,Eudyptes
genus eugenia,Eugenia
genus eumeces,Eumeces
genus eumenes,Eumenes
genus eumetopias,Eumetopias
genus eumops,Eumops
genus eunectes,Eunectes
genus euonymus,Euonymus
genus eupatorium,Eupatorium
genus euphagus,Euphagus
genus euphorbia,Euphorbia
genus euphractus,Euphractus
genus euplectella,Euplectella
genus euproctis,Euproctis
genus eurotium,Eurotium
genus euryale,Euryale
genus eustoma,Eustoma
genus eutamias,Eutamias
genus euterpe,Euterpe
genus euthynnus,Euthynnus
genus evernia,Evernia
genus exacum,Exacum
genus exaeretodon,Exaeretodon
genus fabiana,Fabiana
genus fagopyrum,Fagopyrum
genus fagus,Fagus
genus falcatifolium,Falcatifolium
genus falco,Falco
genus fasciola,Fasciola
genus fasciolopsis,Fasciolopsis
genus felicia,Felicia
genus felis,Felis
genus ferocactus,Ferocactus
genus festuca,Festuca
genus ficus,Ficus
genus firmiana,Firmiana
genus fissurella,Fissurella
genus fistularia,Fistularia
genus fistulina,Fistulina
genus flacourtia,Flacourtia
genus flammulina,Flammulina
genus flindersia,Flindersia
genus foeniculum,Foeniculum
genus fomes,Fomes
genus forficula,Forficula
genus formica,Formica
genus formicarius,Formicarius
genus fortunella,Fortunella
genus fossa,Fossa
genus fouquieria,Fouquieria
genus fragaria,Fragaria
genus francisella,Francisella
genus francoa,Francoa
genus frankliniella,Frankliniella
genus frasera,Frasera
genus fratercula,Fratercula
genus fraxinus,Fraxinus
genus fregata,Fregata
genus fremontia,Fremontodendron
genus fremontodendron,Fremontodendron
genus fringilla,Fringilla
genus fritillaria,Fritillaria
genus froelichia,Froelichia
genus fulica,Fulica
genus fulmarus,Fulmarus
genus fumaria,Fumaria
genus fundulus,Fundulus
genus fungia,Fungia
genus funka,Hosta
genus furnarius,Furnarius
genus fusanus,Eucarya
genus fuscoboletinus,Fuscoboletinus
genus gadus,Gadus
genus galega,Galega
genus galeocerdo,Galeocerdo
genus galeopsis,Galeopsis
genus galeorhinus,Galeorhinus
genus galium,Galium
genus galleria,Galleria
genus gallinago,Gallinago
genus gallinula,Gallinula
genus gallirallus,Gallirallus
genus gallus,Gallus
genus gambelia,Gambelia
genus gambusia,Gambusia
genus garcinia,Garcinia
genus garrulus,Garrulus
genus gasterophilus,Gasterophilus
genus gasterosteus,Gasterosteus
genus gastroboletus,Gastroboletus
genus gastrocybe,Gastrocybe
genus gastrophryne,Gastrophryne
genus gaultheria,Gaultheria
genus gavia,Gavia
genus gavialis,Gavialis
genus gaylussacia,Gaylussacia
genus gazella,Gazella
genus geastrum,Geastrum
genus gelechia,Gelechia
genus gelsemium,Gelsemium
genus gempylus,Gempylus
genus genetta,Genetta
genus genista,Genista
genus gentiana,Gentiana
genus gentianella,Gentianella
genus gentianopsis,Gentianopsis
genus genyonemus,Genyonemus
genus geochelone,Geochelone
genus geococcyx,Geococcyx
genus geoffroea,Geoffroea
genus geoglossum,Geoglossum
genus geomys,Geomys
genus geophilus,Geophilus
genus geothlypis,Geothlypis
genus gerbera,Gerbera
genus gerbillus,Gerbillus
genus gerea,Gerea
genus gerres,Gerres
genus gerrhonotus,Gerrhonotus
genus gerris,Gerris
genus geum,Geum
genus ginglymostoma,Ginglymostoma
genus giraffa,Giraffa
genus glareola,Glareola
genus glaucium,Glaucium
genus glaucomys,Glaucomys
genus glaux,Glaux
genus glechoma,Glechoma
genus gleditsia,Gleditsia
genus gleichenia,Gleichenia
genus glis,Glis
genus globicephala,Globicephala
genus glossodia,Glossodia
genus glossopsitta,Glossopsitta
genus glyceria,Glyceria
genus glycine,Glycine
genus glycyrrhiza,Glycyrrhiza
genus gnaphalium,Gnaphalium
genus gobiesox,Gobiesox
genus gobio,Gobio
genus gomphotherium,Gomphotherium
genus gomphrena,Gomphrena
genus goniopteris,Goniopteris
genus gonorhynchus,Gonorhynchus
genus goodyera,Goodyera
genus gopherus,Gopherus
genus gorgonocephalus,Gorgonocephalus
genus gossypium,Gossypium
genus gracula,Gracula
genus grammatophyllum,Grammatophyllum
genus graptophyllum,Graptophyllum
genus grewia,Grewia
genus grias,Grias
genus grindelia,Grindelia
genus griselinia,Griselinia
genus groenlandia,Groenlandia
genus grus,Grus
genus guaiacum,Guaiacum
genus guevina,Guevina
genus gulo,Gulo
genus gutierrezia,Gutierrezia
genus gymnadenia,Gymnadenia
genus gymnadeniopsis,Gymnadeniopsis
genus gymnelis,Gymnelis
genus gymnocalycium,Gymnocalycium
genus gymnocarpium,Gymnocarpium
genus gymnocladus,Gymnocladus
genus gymnogyps,Gymnogyps
genus gymnopilus,Gymnopilus
genus gymnorhina,Gymnorhina
genus gymnosporangium,Gymnosporangium
genus gymnura,Gymnura
genus gynura,Gynura
genus gypaetus,Gypaetus
genus gyps,Gyps
genus gypsophila,Gypsophila
genus haastia,Haastia
genus habenaria,Habenaria
genus hackelia,Hackelia
genus haemanthus,Haemanthus
genus haematobia,Haematobia
genus haematopus,Haematopus
genus haematoxylon,Haematoxylum
genus haematoxylum,Haematoxylum
genus haemodorum,Haemodorum
genus haemopis,Haemopis
genus haemoproteus,Haemoproteus
genus haemulon,Haemulon
genus hakea,Hakea
genus halcyon,Halcyon
genus haldea,Haldea
genus halenia,Halenia
genus halesia,Halesia
genus haliaeetus,Haliaeetus
genus halicoeres,Halicoeres
genus halimodendron,Halimodendron
genus haliotis,Haliotis
genus halocarpus,Halocarpus
genus hamamelidanthum,Hamamelidanthum
genus hamamelidoxylon,Hamamelidoxylon
genus hamamelis,Hamamelis
genus hamamelites,Hamamelites
genus haminoea,Haminoea
genus haplopappus,Haplopappus
genus hardenbergia,Hardenbergia
genus harpia,Harpia
genus harrisia,Harrisia
genus hatiora,Hatiora
genus hazardia,Hazardia
genus hedeoma,Hedeoma
genus hedera,Hedera
genus hedysarum,Hedysarum
genus helenium,Helenium
genus heleodytes,Campylorhynchus
genus heliamphora,Heliamphora
genus helichrysum,Helichrysum
genus helicteres,Helicteres
genus heliobacter,Heliobacter
genus heliothis,Heliothis
genus helipterum,Helipterum
genus helix,Helix
genus helleborus,Helleborus
genus helminthostachys,Helminthostachys
genus heloderma,Heloderma
genus helotium,Helotium
genus helwingia,Helwingia
genus helxine,Helxine
genus hemachatus,Hemachatus
genus hemerocallis,Hemerocallis
genus hemigalus,Hemigalus
genus hemigrammus,Hemigrammus
genus hemipteronatus,Hemipteronatus
genus hemitripterus,Hemitripterus
genus heracleum,Heracleum
genus heritiera,Heritiera
genus hermannia,Hermannia
genus hermissenda,Hermissenda
genus hernaria,Hernaria
genus herpestes,Herpestes
genus hesperiphona,Hesperiphona
genus hesperis,Hesperis
genus heteranthera,Heteranthera
genus heterocephalus,Heterocephalus
genus heterodon,Heterodon
genus heteromeles,Heteromeles
genus heteroscelus,Heteroscelus
genus heterotheca,Heterotheca
genus heuchera,Heuchera
genus hevea,Hevea
genus hexagrammos,Hexagrammos
genus hexalectris,Hexalectris
genus hexamita,Hexamita
genus hexanchus,Hexanchus
genus hibbertia,Hibbertia
genus hieracium,Hieracium
genus himantoglossum,Himantoglossum
genus himantopus,Himantopus
genus hippobosca,Hippobosca
genus hippocampus,Hippocampus
genus hippocrepis,Hippocrepis
genus hippodamia,Hippodamia
genus hippoglossoides,Hippoglossoides
genus hippoglossus,Hippoglossus
genus hipposideros,Hipposideros
genus hippotragus,Hippotragus
genus hipsurus,Hipsurus
genus hirudo,Hirudo
genus hirundo,Hirundo
genus hoheria,Hoheria
genus holarrhena,Holarrhena
genus holbrookia,Holbrookia
genus holcus,Holcus
genus holocentrus,Holocentrus
genus holothuria,Holothuria
genus homarus,Homarus
genus homogyne,Homogyne
genus homona,Homona
genus hordeum,Hordeum
genus horneophyton,Horneophyton
genus hosta,Hosta
genus hottonia,Hottonia
genus houttuynia,Houttuynia
genus hudsonia,Hudsonia
genus hugueninia,Hugueninia
genus hulsea,Hulsea
genus humulus,Humulus
genus hunnemania,Hunnemannia
genus hyacinthoides,Hyacinthoides
genus hyalophora,Hyalophora
genus hyalosperma,Hyalosperma
genus hybanthus,Hybanthus
genus hydnocarpus,Hydnocarpus
genus hydnum,Hydnum
genus hydrastis,Hydrastis
genus hydrobates,Hydrobates
genus hydrocharis,Hydrocharis
genus hydrochoerus,Hydrochoerus
genus hydrodamalis,Hydrodamalis
genus hydromantes,Hydromantes
genus hydromys,Hydromys
genus hydrophyllum,Hydrophyllum
genus hyemoschus,Hyemoschus
genus hygrocybe,Hygrocybe
genus hygrophorus,Hygrophorus
genus hygrotrama,Hygrotrama
genus hyla,Hyla
genus hylactophryne,Hylactophryne
genus hylobates,Hylobates
genus hylocereus,Hylocereus
genus hylocichla,Hylocichla
genus hylophylax,Hylophylax
genus hymenaea,Hymenaea
genus hymenanthera,Hymenanthera
genus hymenophyllum,Hymenophyllum
genus hynerpeton,Hynerpeton
genus hyoscyamus,Hyoscyamus
genus hypentelium,Hypentelium
genus hypericum,Hypericum
genus hyperoglyphe,Hyperoglyphe
genus hyperoodon,Hyperoodon
genus hyphantria,Hyphantria
genus hypochaeris,Hypochaeris
genus hypochoeris,Hypochaeris
genus hypoderma,Hypoderma
genus hypopachus,Hypopachus
genus hypopitys,Hypopitys
genus hypoxis,Hypoxis
genus hypsiglena,Hypsiglena
genus hypsiprymnodon,Hypsiprymnodon
genus hyracotherium,Hyracotherium
genus hyssopus,Hyssopus
genus iberis,Iberis
genus ictalurus,Ictalurus
genus icteria,Icteria
genus icterus,Icterus
genus ictiobus,Ictiobus
genus ictonyx,Ictonyx
genus ilex,Ilex
genus iliamna,Iliamna
genus illecebrum,Illecebrum
genus illicium,Illicium
genus inachis,Inachis
genus indigofera,Indigofera
genus ipomoea,Ipomoea
genus irena,Irena
genus iresine,Iresine
genus iridoprocne,Iridoprocne
genus irvingia,Irvingia
genus isatis,Isatis
genus ischigualastia,Ischigualastia
genus isoetes,Isoetes
genus isopyrum,Isopyrum
genus istiophorus,Istiophorus
genus isurus,Isurus
genus ixia,Ixia
genus ixobrychus,Ixobrychus
genus ixodes,Ixodes
genus jacksonia,Jacksonia
genus jacquinia,Jacquinia
genus jaculus,Jaculus
genus jambos,Jambos
genus jamesonia,Jamesonia
genus jasminum,Jasminum
genus jatropha,Jatropha
genus javanthropus,Javanthropus
genus jordanella,Jordanella
genus juglans,Juglans
genus juncus,Juncus
genus juniperus,Juniperus
genus jynx,Jynx
genus kakatoe,Kakatoe
genus kalotermes,Kalotermes
genus katsuwonus,Katsuwonus
genus kennedia,Kennedia
genus kennedya,Kennedia
genus kenyapithecus,Kenyapithecus
genus khaya,Khaya
genus kiggelaria,Kiggelaria
genus kinosternon,Kinosternon
genus kirkia,Kirkia
genus knightia,Knightia
genus kobus,Kobus
genus kochia,Bassia
genus koellia,Pycnanthemum
genus kogia,Kogia
genus kolkwitzia,Kolkwitzia
genus kosteletzya,Kosteletzya
genus krypterophaneron,Krypterophaneron
genus kyphosus,Kyphosus
genus lablab,Lablab
genus laburnum,Laburnum
genus laccopetalum,Laccopetalum
genus lacerta,Lacerta
genus lachnolaimus,Lachnolaimus
genus lactarius,Lactarius
genus lactophrys,Lactophrys
genus lactuca,Lactuca
genus lagarostrobus,Lagarostrobus
genus lagenaria,Lagenaria
genus lagenophera,Lagenophera
genus lagerstroemia,Lagerstroemia
genus lagidium,Lagidium
genus lagodon,Lagodon
genus lagopus,Lagopus
genus lagorchestes,Lagorchestes
genus lagostomus,Lagostomus
genus lagothrix,Lagothrix
genus laguncularia,Laguncularia
genus lama,Lama
genus lambertia,Lambertia
genus lambis,Lambis
genus laminaria,Laminaria
genus lamium,Lamium
genus lamna,Lamna
genus lampris,Lampris
genus lampropeltis,Lampropeltis
genus languas,Alpinia
genus lanius,Lanius
genus lanthanotus,Lanthanotus
genus laportea,Laportea
genus lappula,Hackelia
genus lardizabala,Lardizabala
genus larix,Larix
genus larrea,Larrea
genus larus,Larus
genus lasiocampa,Lasiocampa
genus lasiurus,Lasiurus
genus lasthenia,Lasthenia
genus lastreopsis,Lastreopsis
genus lates,Lates
genus lathyrus,Lathyrus
genus latimeria,Latimeria
genus latrodectus,Latrodectus
genus laurus,Laurus
genus lavandula,Lavandula
genus lavatera,Lavatera
genus layia,Layia
genus lebistes,Lebistes
genus leccinum,Leccinum
genus ledum,Ledum
genus leiopelma,Leiopelma
genus leiophyllum,Leiophyllum
genus leishmania,Leishmania
genus leitneria,Leitneria
genus lemaireocereus,Lemaireocereus
genus lemmus,Lemmus
genus lemna,Lemna
genus lens,Lens
genus lentinus,Lentinus
genus leonotis,Leonotis
genus leontideus,Leontocebus
genus leontocebus,Leontocebus
genus leontodon,Leontodon
genus leontopodium,Leontopodium
genus leonurus,Leonurus
genus lepas,Lepas
genus lepechinia,Lepechinia
genus lepidium,Lepidium
genus lepidochelys,Lepidochelys
genus lepidocybium,Lepidocybium
genus lepidothamnus,Lepidothamnus
genus lepisma,Lepisma
genus lepisosteus,Lepisosteus
genus lepomis,Lepomis
genus leptarrhena,Leptarrhena
genus leptinotarsa,Leptinotarsa
genus leptodactylus,Leptodactylus
genus leptoglossus,Leptoglossus
genus leptopteris,Leptopteris
genus leptoptilus,Leptoptilus
genus leptotyphlops,Leptotyphlops
genus lepus,Lepus
genus lesquerella,Lesquerella
genus leucadendron,Leucadendron
genus leucaena,Leucaena
genus leucanthemum,Leucanthemum
genus leuciscus,Leuciscus
genus leucocytozoan,genus Leucocytozoon
genus leucogenes,Leucogenes
genus levisticum,Levisticum
genus lewisia,Lewisia
genus leycesteria,Leycesteria
genus leymus,Leymus
genus liatris,Liatris
genus libocedrus,Libocedrus
genus lichanura,Lichanura
genus ligularia,Ligularia
genus ligustrum,Ligustrum
genus lilium,Lilium
genus limanda,Limanda
genus limax,Limax
genus limenitis,Limenitis
genus limnobium,Limnobium
genus limnocryptes,Limnocryptes
genus limnodromus,Limnodromus
genus limonium,Limonium
genus limosa,Limosa
genus limulus,Limulus
genus linanthus,Linanthus
genus linaria,Linaria
genus lindera,Lindera
genus lindheimera,Lindheimera
genus linnaea,Linnaea
genus linum,Linum
genus liomys,Liomys
genus liopelma,Leiopelma
genus liposcelis,Liposcelis
genus liriodendron,Liriodendron
genus liriope,Liriope
genus listera,Listera
genus lithocarpus,Lithocarpus
genus lithophragma,Lithophragma
genus lithospermum,Lithospermum
genus litocranius,Litocranius
genus littorina,Littorina
genus livistona,Livistona
genus lobipes,Lobipes
genus lobotes,Lobotes
genus lobularia,Lobularia
genus locusta,Locusta
genus lofortyx,Lofortyx
genus logania,Logania
genus loiseleuria,Loiseleuria
genus lolium,Lolium
genus lomogramma,Lomogramma
genus lonas,Lonas
genus lonchocarpus,Lonchocarpus
genus lonicera,Lonicera
genus lophius,Lophius
genus lophodytes,Lophodytes
genus lopholatilus,Lopholatilus
genus lophophora,Lophophora
genus lophophorus,Lophophorus
genus lophosoria,Lophosoria
genus loranthus,Loranthus
genus lota,Lota
genus lotus,Lotus
genus lovoa,Lovoa
genus loxia,Loxia
genus loxodonta,Loxodonta
genus loxoma,Loxoma
genus loxostege,Loxostege
genus lucilia,Lucilia
genus lufengpithecus,Lufengpithecus
genus lumpenus,Lumpenus
genus lunaria,Lunaria
genus lunda,Lunda
genus lupinus,Lupinus
genus luscinia,Luscinia
genus lutjanus,Lutjanus
genus lutra,Lutra
genus luvarus,Luvarus
genus lycaena,Lycaena
genus lycaeon,Lycaeon
genus lycium,Lycium
genus lycoperdon,Lycoperdon
genus lycopersicon,Lycopersicon
genus lycopersicum,Lycopersicon
genus lycopodium,Lycopodium
genus lycopus,Lycopus
genus lycosa,Lycosa
genus lyginopteris,Lyginopteris
genus lygodium,Lygodium
genus lygus,Lygus
genus lymantria,Lymantria
genus lyonia,Lyonia
genus lyrurus,Lyrurus
genus lysichiton,Lysichiton
genus lysichitum,Lysichiton
genus lysiloma,Lysiloma
genus lysimachia,Lysimachia
genus lythrum,Lythrum
genus macaca,Macaca
genus machaeranthera,Machaeranthera
genus macleaya,Macleaya
genus maclura,Maclura
genus macowanites,Macowanites
genus macrocephalon,Macrocephalon
genus macrocheira,Macrocheira
genus macroclemys,Macroclemys
genus macrodactylus,Macrodactylus
genus macronectes,Macronectes
genus macropus,Macropus
genus macrothelypteris,Macrothelypteris
genus macrotis,Macrotis
genus macrotyloma,Macrotyloma
genus macrozoarces,Macrozoarces
genus madia,Madia
genus madoqua,Madoqua
genus maeandra,Maeandra
genus magicicada,Magicicada
genus mahonia,Mahonia
genus maia,Maja
genus maianthemum,Maianthemum
genus maja,Maja
genus majorana,Majorana
genus makaira,Makaira
genus malaclemys,Malaclemys
genus malacosoma,Malacosoma
genus malacothamnus,Malacothamnus
genus malaxis,Malaxis
genus malcolmia,Malcolmia
genus mallotus,Mallotus
genus malopterurus,Malopterurus
genus malosma,Malosma
genus malpighia,Malpighia
genus malus,Malus
genus malva,Malva
genus malvastrum,Malvastrum
genus malvaviscus,Malvaviscus
genus mammea,Mammea
genus mammut,Mammut
genus mammuthus,Mammuthus
genus mandevilla,Mandevilla
genus mandragora,Mandragora
genus mandrillus,Mandrillus
genus manduca,Manduca
genus mangifera,Mangifera
genus manglietia,manglietia
genus manihot,Manihot
genus manilkara,Manilkara
genus manis,Manis
genus marasmius,Marasmius
genus marattia,Marattia
genus marchantia,Marchantia
genus marmota,Marmota
genus marrubium,Marrubium
genus marsilea,Marsilea
genus martes,Martes
genus masticophis,Masticophis
genus mastigoproctus,Mastigoproctus
genus mastodon,Mammut
genus mastotermes,Mastotermes
genus matricaria,Matricaria
genus matteuccia,Matteuccia
genus matthiola,Matthiola
genus maxostoma,Maxostoma
genus mayaca,Mayaca
genus mayetiola,Mayetiola
genus mazama,Mazama
genus meconopsis,Meconopsis
genus medicago,Medicago
genus medinilla,Medinilla
genus megachile,Megachile
genus megaderma,Megaderma
genus megalobatrachus,Megalobatrachus
genus megaptera,Megaptera
genus megatherium,Megatherium
genus melampodium,Melampodium
genus melampsora,Melampsora
genus melanerpes,Melanerpes
genus melanitta,Melanitta
genus melanogrammus,Melanogrammus
genus melanoplus,Melanoplus
genus melanotis,Melanotis
genus melastoma,Melastoma
genus meleagris,Meleagris
genus meles,Meles
genus melia,Melia
genus melicocca,Melicoccus
genus melicoccus,Melicoccus
genus melicytus,Melicytus
genus melissa,Melissa
genus mellivora,Mellivora
genus melocactus,Melocactus
genus melogale,Melogale
genus melolontha,Melolontha
genus melophagus,Melophagus
genus melopsittacus,Melopsittacus
genus melospiza,Melospiza
genus melursus,Melursus
genus menippe,Menippe
genus meniscium,Meniscium
genus menispermum,Menispermum
genus menopon,Menopon
genus mentha,Mentha
genus menticirrhus,Menticirrhus
genus mentzelia,Mentzelia
genus menura,Menura
genus menyanthes,Menyanthes
genus menziesia,Menziesia
genus mephitis,Mephitis
genus mercenaria,Mercenaria
genus mercurialis,Mercurialis
genus mergus,Mergus
genus meriones,Meriones
genus merlangus,Merlangus
genus merluccius,Merluccius
genus merops,Merops
genus mertensia,Mertensia
genus meryta,Meryta
genus mesembryanthemum,Mesembryanthemum
genus mesocricetus,Mesocricetus
genus mespilus,Mespilus
genus mesua,Mesua
genus metroxylon,Metroxylon
genus microcentrum,Microcentrum
genus micrococcus,Micrococcus
genus microdipodops,Microdipodops
genus microgramma,Microgramma
genus micromeria,Micromeria
genus micromyx,Micromyx
genus micropogonias,Micropogonias
genus micropterus,Micropterus
genus microsorium,Microsorium
genus microsporum,Microsporum
genus microstomus,Microstomus
genus microstrobos,Microstrobos
genus microtus,Microtus
genus micruroides,Micruroides
genus micrurus,Micrurus
genus mikania,Mikania
genus miltonia,Miltonia
genus mimus,Mimus
genus minuartia,Minuartia
genus mirabilis,Mirabilis
genus mirounga,Mirounga
genus mitchella,Mitchella
genus mitella,Mitella
genus mnium,Mnium
genus mobula,Mobula
genus moehringia,Moehringia
genus mohria,Mohria
genus mollienesia,Mollienesia
genus molluga,Molluga
genus molothrus,Molothrus
genus molucella,Molucella
genus molva,Molva
genus momordica,Momordica
genus momotus,Momotus
genus monardella,Monardella
genus moneses,Moneses
genus monocanthus,Monocanthus
genus monochamus,Monochamus
genus monodon,Monodon
genus monomorium,Monomorium
genus monotropa,Monotropa
genus montia,Montia
genus morchella,Morchella
genus morone,Morone
genus morus,Morus
genus moschus,Moschus
genus motacilla,Motacilla
genus mugil,Mugil
genus muhlenbergia,Muhlenbergia
genus mulloidichthys,Mulloidichthys
genus mullus,Mullus
genus muntiacus,Muntiacus
genus muntingia,Muntingia
genus mus,Mus
genus musa,Musa
genus musca,Musca
genus muscardinus,Muscardinus
genus muscari,Muscari
genus muscicapa,Muscicapa
genus muscivora,Muscivora
genus musophaga,Musophaga
genus mustela,Mustela
genus mustelus,Mustelus
genus mutinus,Mutinus
genus mya,Mya
genus myadestes,Myadestes
genus mycteria,Mycteria
genus mycteroperca,Mycteroperca
genus myocastor,Myocastor
genus myopus,Myopus
genus myosotis,Myosotis
genus myotis,Myotis
genus myrciaria,Myrciaria
genus myrica,Myrica
genus myricaria,Myricaria
genus myriophyllum,Myriophyllum
genus myristica,Myristica
genus myrmecia,Myrmecia
genus myrmecobius,Myrmecobius
genus myrmecophaga,Myrmecophaga
genus myrmeleon,Myrmeleon
genus myroxylon,Myroxylon
genus myrrhis,Myrrhis
genus myrsine,Myrsine
genus myrtillocactus,Myrtillocactus
genus myrtus,Myrtus
genus mysis,Mysis
genus mytilus,Mytilus
genus myxine,Myxine
genus myxinikela,Myxinikela
genus myxocephalus,Myxocephalus
genus nabalus,Nabalus
genus naemorhedus,Naemorhedus
genus nageia,Nageia
genus naias,Naias
genus naja,Naja
genus najas,Naias
genus napaea,Napaea
genus narthecium,Narthecium
genus nasalis,Nasalis
genus nasturtium,Nasturtium
genus nasua,Nasua
genus natrix,Natrix
genus nauclea,Nauclea
genus naucrates,Naucrates
genus necturus,Necturus
genus negaprion,Negaprion
genus nelumbo,Nelumbo
genus neoceratodus,Neoceratodus
genus neofiber,Neofiber
genus neohygrophorus,Neohygrophorus
genus neolentinus,Neolentinus
genus neomys,Neomys
genus neophron,Neophron
genus neotoma,Neotoma
genus nepa,Nepa
genus nepenthes,Nepenthes
genus nepeta,Nepeta
genus nephelium,Nephelium
genus nephrolepis,Nephrolepis
genus nephrops,Nephrops
genus nerium,Nerium
genus nerodia,Nerodia
genus nesokia,Nesokia
genus nestor,Nestor
genus neurospora,Neurospora
genus neurotrichus,Neurotrichus
genus nicandra,Nicandra
genus nicotiana,Nicotiana
genus nidularia,Nidularia
genus nigroporus,Nigroporus
genus nimravus,Nimravus
genus nipa,Nipa
genus nitella,Nitella
genus nitrobacter,Nitrobacter
genus nitrosomonas,Nitrosomonas
genus noctua,Noctua
genus nolina,Nolina
genus nomia,nomia
genus nopalea,Nopalea
genus notechis,Notechis
genus notemigonus,Notemigonus
genus nothofagus,Nothofagus
genus notomys,Notomys
genus notonecta,Notonecta
genus notophthalmus,Notophthalmus
genus notoryctus,Notoryctus
genus notropis,Notropis
genus nucifraga,Nucifraga
genus numenius,Numenius
genus numida,Numida
genus nuphar,Nuphar
genus nuytsia,Nuytsia
genus nyctaginia,Nyctaginia
genus nyctanassa,Nyctanassa
genus nyctereutes,Nyctereutes
genus nycticebus,Nycticebus
genus nycticorax,Nycticorax
genus nyctimene,Nyctimene
genus nymphaea,Nymphaea
genus nymphalis,Nymphalis
genus nymphicus,Nymphicus
genus nypa,Nipa
genus nyssa,Nyssa
genus oceanites,Oceanites
genus ochna,Ochna
genus ochotona,Ochotona
genus ochroma,Ochroma
genus ocimum,Ocimum
genus ocyurus,Ocyurus
genus odobenus,Odobenus
genus odocoileus,Odocoileus
genus odontaspis,Carcharias
genus odontophorus,Odontophorus
genus oecanthus,Oecanthus
genus oedogonium,Oedogonium
genus oenanthe,Oenanthe
genus oenothera,Oenothera
genus oestrus,Oestrus
genus okapia,Okapia
genus olea,Olea
genus oleandra,Oleandra
genus olearia,Olearia
genus olfersia,Olfersia
genus oligoplites,Oligoplites
genus oligoporus,Oligoporus
genus omphalotus,Omphalotus
genus oncorhynchus,Oncorhynchus
genus ondatra,Ondatra
genus oniscus,Oniscus
genus onobrychis,Onobrychis
genus onoclea,Onoclea
genus ononis,Ononis
genus onopordon,Onopordum
genus onopordum,Onopordum
genus onosmodium,Onosmodium
genus onychium,Onychium
genus onychogalea,Onychogalea
genus onychomys,Onychomys
genus opheodrys,Opheodrys
genus ophiodon,Ophiodon
genus ophioglossum,Ophioglossum
genus ophiophagus,Ophiophagus
genus ophisaurus,Ophisaurus
genus ophrys,Ophrys
genus opisthocomus,Opisthocomus
genus opuntia,Opuntia
genus orbignya,Orbignya
genus orchestia,Orchestia
genus orcinus,Orcinus
genus oreamnos,Oreamnos
genus orectolobus,Orectolobus
genus oreopteris,Oreopteris
genus oreortyx,Oreortyx
genus oriolus,Oriolus
genus orites,Orites
genus ormosia,Ormosia
genus ornithogalum,Ornithogalum
genus ornithorhynchus,Ornithorhynchus
genus orontium,Orontium
genus ortalis,Ortalis
genus orthilia,Orthilia
genus orthopristis,Orthopristis
genus orthotomus,Orthotomus
genus orycteropus,Orycteropus
genus oryctolagus,Oryctolagus
genus oryza,Oryza
genus oryzomys,Oryzomys
genus oryzopsis,Oryzopsis
genus osmanthus,Osmanthus
genus osmerus,Osmerus
genus ostrea,Ostrea
genus ostrya,Ostrya
genus ostryopsis,Ostryopsis
genus otaria,Otaria
genus otis,Otis
genus otus,Otus
genus ouranopithecus,Ouranopithecus
genus ovalipes,Ovalipes
genus ovibos,Ovibos
genus ovis,Ovis
genus oxandra,Oxandra
genus oxybelis,Oxybelis
genus oxydendrum,Oxydendrum
genus oxylebius,Oxylebius
genus oxytropis,Oxytropis
genus oxyura,Oxyura
genus oxyuranus,Oxyuranus
genus ozonium,Ozonium
genus ozothamnus,Ozothamnus
genus pachycephala,Pachycephala
genus pachyrhizus,Pachyrhizus
genus packera,Packera
genus padda,Padda
genus paeonia,Paeonia
genus pagellus,Pagellus
genus pagophila,Pagophila
genus pagophilus,Pagophilus
genus pagrus,Pagrus
genus pagurus,Pagurus
genus palaemon,Palaemon
genus palaquium,Palaquium
genus paleacrita,Paleacrita
genus palinurus,Palinurus
genus paliurus,Paliurus
genus pan,Pan
genus panax,Panax
genus pandion,Pandion
genus panicum,Panicum
genus panonychus,Panonychus
genus panthera,Panthera
genus papaver,Papaver
genus paphiopedilum,Paphiopedilum
genus papio,Papio
genus paprilus,Paprilus
genus paracheirodon,Paracheirodon
genus paradoxurus,Paradoxurus
genus paralichthys,Paralichthys
genus paralithodes,Paralithodes
genus paranthias,Paranthias
genus paranthropus,Paranthropus
genus parascalops,Parascalops
genus parasitaxus,Parasitaxus
genus parathelypteris,Parathelypteris
genus parietaria,Parietaria
genus paris,Paris
genus parkia,Parkia
genus parkinsonia,Parkinsonia
genus parmelia,Parmelia
genus parochetus,Parochetus
genus paronychia,Paronychia
genus parophrys,Parophrys
genus parrotia,Parrotia
genus parrotiopsis,Parrotiopsis
genus parthenium,Parthenium
genus parthenocissus,Parthenocissus
genus parula,Parula
genus parus,Parus
genus passer,Passer
genus passerina,Passerina
genus passiflora,Passiflora
genus pastinaca,Pastinaca
genus patella,Patella
genus pavo,Pavo
genus payena,Payena
genus pecari,Tayassu
genus pediculus,Pediculus
genus pedilanthus,Pedilanthus
genus pediocactus,Pediocactus
genus pedioecetes,Pedioecetes
genus pedionomus,Pedionomus
genus peireskia,Pereskia
genus pelargonium,Pelargonium
genus pelecanus,Pelecanus
genus pellaea,Pellaea
genus pellicularia,Pellicularia
genus peltandra,Peltandra
genus peltiphyllum,Darmera
genus penelope,Penelope
genus peneus,Peneus
genus penicillium,Penicillium
genus pennatula,Pennatula
genus pennisetum,Pennisetum
genus penstemon,Penstemon
genus perca,Perca
genus percina,Percina
genus perdix,Perdix
genus pereskia,Pereskia
genus pericallis,Pericallis
genus peridinium,Peridinium
genus perilla,Perilla
genus periophthalmus,Periophthalmus
genus peripatopsis,Peripatopsis
genus periplaneta,Periplaneta
genus periploca,Periploca
genus perisoreus,Perisoreus
genus peristedion,Peristedion
genus pernis,Pernis
genus perodicticus,Perodicticus
genus perognathus,Perognathus
genus peromyscus,Peromyscus
genus peronospora,Peronospora
genus persea,Persea
genus persoonia,Persoonia
genus pertusaria,Pertusaria
genus petasites,Petasites
genus petaurista,Petaurista
genus petaurus,Petaurus
genus petrocoptis,Petrocoptis
genus petrogale,Petrogale
genus petromyzon,Petromyzon
genus petroselinum,Petroselinum
genus petteria,Petteria
genus peziza,Peziza
genus pezophaps,Pezophaps
genus phacochoerus,Phacochoerus
genus phaethon,Phaethon
genus phalacrocorax,Phalacrocorax
genus phalaenopsis,Phalaenopsis
genus phalaenoptilus,Phalaenoptilus
genus phalangium,Phalangium
genus phalaris,Phalaris
genus phalaropus,Phalaropus
genus phallus,Phallus
genus pharomacrus,Pharomacrus
genus phascogale,Phascogale
genus phascolarctos,Phascolarctos
genus phaseolus,Phaseolus
genus phasianus,Phasianus
genus phegopteris,Phegopteris
genus phellodendron,Phellodendron
genus philaenus,Philaenus
genus phillyrea,Phillyrea
genus philohela,Philohela
genus philomachus,Philomachus
genus philophylla,Philophylla
genus phlebodium,Phlebodium
genus phlebotomus,Phlebotomus
genus phleum,Phleum
genus phoca,Phoca
genus phocoena,Phocoena
genus phoenicophorium,phoenicophorium
genus phoeniculus,Phoeniculus
genus phoenicurus,Phoenicurus
genus phoenix,phoenix
genus pholas,Pholas
genus pholidota,Pholidota
genus pholiota,Pholiota
genus pholis,Pholis
genus pholistoma,Pholistoma
genus phoradendron,Phoradendron
genus photinia,Photinia
genus photoblepharon,Photoblepharon
genus phoxinus,Phoxinus
genus phragmipedium,Phragmipedium
genus phragmites,Phragmites
genus phrynosoma,Phrynosoma
genus phthirius,Phthirius
genus phthirus,Phthirius
genus phthorimaea,Phthorimaea
genus phyllitis,Phyllitis
genus phyllium,Phyllium
genus phyllocladus,Phyllocladus
genus phyllodoce,Phyllodoce
genus phylloporus,Phylloporus
genus phyllorhynchus,Phyllorhynchus
genus phylloscopus,Phylloscopus
genus phyllostachys,Phyllostachys
genus phyllostomus,Phyllostomus
genus phylloxera,Phylloxera
genus physalia,Physalia
genus physalis,Physalis
genus physaria,Physaria
genus physeter,Physeter
genus physostigma,Physostigma
genus phytelephas,phytelephas
genus phytolacca,Phytolacca
genus phytophthora,Phytophthora
genus pica,Pica
genus picea,Picea
genus pickeringia,Pickeringia
genus picoides,Picoides
genus picrasma,Picrasma
genus picris,Picris
genus picumnus,Picumnus
genus picus,Picus
genus pieris,Pieris
genus pilea,Pilea
genus pilosella,Pilosella
genus pilularia,Pilularia
genus pimenta,Pimenta
genus pimpinella,Pimpinella
genus pinckneya,Pinckneya
genus pinctada,Pinctada
genus pineus,Pineus
genus pinguicula,Pinguicula
genus pinguinus,Pinguinus
genus pinicola,Pinicola
genus pinnotheres,Pinnotheres
genus pinus,Pinus
genus pipa,Pipa
genus piper,Piper
genus pipile,Pipile
genus pipilo,Pipilo
genus pipistrellus,Pipistrellus
genus pipra,Pipra
genus piptadenia,Piptadenia
genus pipturus,Pipturus
genus piqueria,Piqueria
genus piranga,Piranga
genus piroplasma,genus Babesia
genus piscidia,Piscidia
genus pisonia,Pisonia
genus pistacia,Pistacia
genus pisum,Pisum
genus pithecanthropus,Pithecanthropus
genus pithecellobium,Pithecellobium
genus pithecia,Pithecia
genus pithecolobium,Pithecellobium
genus pituophis,Pituophis
genus pitymys,Pitymys
genus pityrogramma,Pityrogramma
genus placuna,Placuna
genus plagianthus,Plagianthus
genus planera,Planera
genus planococcus,Planococcus
genus plantago,Plantago
genus plasmodiophora,Plasmodiophora
genus platalea,Platalea
genus platanthera,Platanthera
genus platanus,Platanus
genus platichthys,Platichthys
genus platycerium,Platycerium
genus platylobium,Platylobium
genus platymiscium,Platymiscium
genus platypoecilus,Platypoecilus
genus platystemon,Platystemon
genus plautus,Plautus
genus plecotus,Plecotus
genus plectania,Plectania
genus plectorrhiza,Plectorrhiza
genus plectrophenax,Plectrophenax
genus pleione,Pleione
genus pleiospilos,Pleiospilos
genus plesianthropus,Plesianthropus
genus plethodon,Plethodon
genus pleurobrachia,Pleurobrachia
genus pleuronectes,Pleuronectes
genus pleurosorus,Pleurosorus
genus pleurotus,Pleurotus
genus plicatoperipatus,Plicatoperipatus
genus ploceus,Ploceus
genus plumeria,Plumeria
genus pluteus,Pluteus
genus pluvialis,Pluvialis
genus pluvianus,Pluvianus
genus poa,Poa
genus podalyria,Podalyria
genus podargus,Podargus
genus podiceps,Podiceps
genus podilymbus,Podilymbus
genus podocarpus,Podocarpus
genus podophyllum,Podophyllum
genus poecilocapsus,Poecilocapsus
genus poecilogale,Poecilogale
genus poephila,Poephila
genus pogostemon,Pogostemon
genus polanisia,Polanisia
genus polianthes,Polianthes
genus polioptila,Polioptila
genus polistes,Polistes
genus pollachius,Pollachius
genus polyangium,Polyangium
genus polyborus,Polyborus
genus polybotria,Polybotrya
genus polybotrya,Polybotrya
genus polycirrus,Polycirrus
genus polydactylus,Polydactylus
genus polyergus,Polyergus
genus polygala,Polygala
genus polygonatum,Polygonatum
genus polygonia,Polygonia
genus polygonum,Polygonum
genus polyodon,Polyodon
genus polypedates,Polypedates
genus polypodium,Polypodium
genus polyporus,Polyporus
genus polyprion,Polyprion
genus polystichum,Polystichum
genus pomacanthus,Pomacanthus
genus pomacentrus,Pomacentrus
genus pomaderris,Pomaderris
genus pomatomus,Pomatomus
genus pomolobus,Pomolobus
genus pomoxis,Pomoxis
genus poncirus,Poncirus
genus pongamia,Pongamia
genus pongo,Pongo
genus pontederia,Pontederia
genus pooecetes,Pooecetes
genus popillia,Popillia
genus populus,Populus
genus porcellio,Porcellio
genus poronotus,Poronotus
genus porphyra,Porphyra
genus porphyrio,Porphyrio
genus porphyrula,Porphyrula
genus portunus,Portunus
genus porzana,Porzana
genus potamogeton,Potamogeton
genus potamophis,Potamophis
genus potentilla,Potentilla
genus poterium,Poterium
genus pothos,Scindapsus
genus potorous,Potorous
genus potos,Potos
genus pouteria,Pouteria
genus praunus,Praunus
genus prenanthes,Prenanthes
genus presbytes,Presbytes
genus priacanthus,Priacanthus
genus prinia,Prinia
genus priodontes,Priodontes
genus prionace,Prionace
genus prionotus,Prionotus
genus pristis,Pristis
genus pritzelago,Pritzelago
genus proboscidea,Proboscidea
genus procavia,Procavia
genus procellaria,Procellaria
genus prociphilus,Prociphilus
genus procnias,Procnias
genus procyon,Procyon
genus progne,Progne
genus prosopis,Prosopis
genus prosopium,Prosopium
genus proteles,Proteles
genus proterochampsa,Proterochampsa
genus proteus,Proteus
genus protium,Protium
genus prumnopitys,Prumnopitys
genus prunella,Prunella
genus prunus,Prunus
genus psaltriparus,Psaltriparus
genus psenes,Psenes
genus psephurus,Psephurus
genus psetta,Psetta
genus psettichthys,Psettichthys
genus pseudacris,Pseudacris
genus pseudaletia,Pseudaletia
genus pseudechis,Pseudechis
genus pseudemys,Pseudemys
genus pseudobombax,Pseudobombax
genus pseudococcus,Pseudococcus
genus pseudocolus,Pseudocolus
genus pseudolarix,Pseudolarix
genus pseudomonas,Pseudomonas
genus pseudopleuronectes,Pseudopleuronectes
genus pseudoryx,Pseudoryx
genus pseudotaxus,Pseudotaxus
genus pseudotsuga,Pseudotsuga
genus pseudowintera,Pseudowintera
genus psidium,Psidium
genus psilotum,Psilotum
genus psithyrus,Psithyrus
genus psittacula,Psittacula
genus psittacus,Psittacus
genus psophia,Psophia
genus psophocarpus,Psophocarpus
genus psoralea,Psoralea
genus psychopsis,Psychopsis
genus psychotria,Psychotria
genus pteretis,Matteuccia
genus pteridium,Pteridium
genus pteris,Pteris
genus pternohyla,Pternohyla
genus pterocarpus,Pterocarpus
genus pterocarya,Pterocarya
genus pterocles,Pterocles
genus pterocnemia,Pterocnemia
genus pterodactylus,Pterodactylus
genus pterois,Pterois
genus pteropus,Pteropus
genus pterospermum,Pterospermum
genus pterostylis,Pterostylis
genus ptilocercus,Ptilocercus
genus ptilocrinus,Ptilocrinus
genus ptilonorhynchus,Ptilonorhynchus
genus ptloris,Ptloris
genus ptyas,Ptyas
genus ptychozoon,Ptychozoon
genus puccinia,Puccinia
genus pueraria,Pueraria
genus puffinus,Puffinus
genus pulex,Pulex
genus pulicaria,Pulicaria
genus pulsatilla,Pulsatilla
genus punica,Punica
genus pycnanthemum,Pycnanthemum
genus pygopus,Pygopus
genus pygoscelis,Pygoscelis
genus pylodictus,Pylodictus
genus pyralis,Pyralis
genus pyrausta,Pyrausta
genus pyrethrum,Pyrethrum
genus pyrocephalus,Pyrocephalus
genus pyrophorus,Pyrophorus
genus pyrrhula,Pyrrhula
genus pyrrosia,Pyrrosia
genus pyrularia,Pyrularia
genus pyrus,Pyrus
genus pyxidanthera,Pyxidanthera
genus quamassia,Camassia
genus quercus,Quercus
genus quiscalus,Quiscalus
genus rachycentron,Rachycentron
genus radiigera,Radiigera
genus radyera,Radyera
genus raffia,Raffia
genus raja,Raja
genus ramalina,Ramalina
genus ramphomicron,Ramphomicron
genus rana,Rana
genus ranatra,Ranatra
genus rangifer,Rangifer
genus ranunculus,Ranunculus
genus raoulia,Raoulia
genus raphanus,Raphanus
genus raphia,Raffia
genus raphicerus,Raphicerus
genus raphus,Raphus
genus ratibida,Ratibida
genus rattus,Rattus
genus rauvolfia,genus Rauwolfia
genus recurvirostra,Recurvirostra
genus regalecus,Reglaecus
genus regulus,Regulus
genus reithrodontomys,Reithrodontomys
genus remilegia,Remilegia
genus retama,Retama
genus reticulitermes,Reticulitermes
genus retrophyllum,Retrophyllum
genus rhagoletis,Rhagoletis
genus rhamnus,Rhamnus
genus rhapis,Rhapis
genus rheum,Rheum
genus rhexia,Rhexia
genus rhincodon,Rhincodon
genus rhinonicteris,Rhinonicteris
genus rhinoptera,Rhinoptera
genus rhipsalis,Rhipsalis
genus rhizobium,Rhizobium
genus rhizophora,Rhizophora
genus rhizopogon,Rhizopogon
genus rhodosphaera,Rhodosphaera
genus rhodymenia,Rhodymenia
genus rhus,Rhus
genus rhyacotriton,Rhyacotriton
genus rhynchoelaps,Rhynchoelaps
genus rhyncostylis,Rhyncostylis
genus rhynia,Rhynia
genus ribes,Ribes
genus richea,Richea
genus richmondena,Richmondena
genus ricinus,Ricinus
genus riparia,Riparia
genus rissa,Rissa
genus rivina,Rivina
genus robinia,Robinia
genus roccus,Roccus
genus rodolia,Rodolia
genus romneya,Romneya
genus rorippa,Rorippa
genus rosa,Rosa
genus rosellinia,Rosellinia
genus rosmarinus,Rosmarinus
genus roystonea,Roystonea
genus rubia,Rubia
genus rubus,Rubus
genus rudbeckia,Rudbeckia
genus rumex,Rumex
genus rumohra,Rumohra
genus rupicapra,Rupicapra
genus rupicola,Rupicola
genus ruptiliocarpon,Ruptiliocarpon
genus ruscus,Ruscus
genus russula,Russula
genus ruta,Ruta
genus rutilus,Rutilus
genus rynchops,Rynchops
genus rypticus,Rypticus
genus sabal,Sabal
genus sabinea,Sabinea
genus saccharomyces,Saccharomyces
genus saccharum,Saccharum
genus sadleria,Sadleria
genus sagina,Sagina
genus sagittaria,Sagittaria
genus sagittarius,Sagittarius
genus saimiri,Saimiri
genus saintpaulia,Saintpaulia
genus salamandra,Salamandra
genus salicornia,Salicornia
genus salix,Salix
genus salmo,Salmo
genus salpichroa,Salpichroa
genus salpinctes,Salpinctes
genus salsola,Salsola
genus salvadora,Salvadora
genus salvelinus,Salvelinus
genus salvinia,Salvinia
genus sambucus,Sambucus
genus samia,Samia
genus samolus,Samolus
genus sanguinaria,Sanguinaria
genus sanicula,Sanicula
genus santalum,Santalum
genus santolina,Santolina
genus sanvitalia,Sanvitalia
genus sapindus,Sapindus
genus saponaria,Saponaria
genus saprolegnia,Saprolegnia
genus sarcobatus,Sarcobatus
genus sarcocephalus,Sarcocephalus
genus sarcochilus,Sarcochilus
genus sarcocystis,Sarcocystis
genus sarcodes,Sarcodes
genus sarcophaga,Sarcophaga
genus sarcophilus,Sarcophilus
genus sarcoptes,Sarcoptes
genus sarcorhamphus,Sarcorhamphus
genus sarcostemma,Sarcostemma
genus sarda,Sarda
genus sardina,Sardina
genus sardinia,Sardina
genus sardinops,Sardinops
genus sarracenia,Sarracenia
genus satureia,Satureja
genus satureja,Satureja
genus saturnia,Saturnia
genus sauromalus,Sauromalus
genus saurosuchus,Saurosuchus
genus saururus,Saururus
genus saussurea,Saussurea
genus saxe-gothea,Saxe-gothea
genus saxegothea,Saxe-gothea
genus saxicola,Saxicola
genus saxifraga,Saxifraga
genus sayornis,Sayornis
genus scaphiopus,Scaphiopus
genus scaphosepalum,Scaphosepalum
genus scardinius,Scardinius
genus scartella,Scartella
genus sceliphron,Sceliphron
genus sceloglaux,Sceloglaux
genus sceloporus,Sceloporus
genus schaffneria,Schaffneria
genus schefflera,Schefflera
genus schinus,Schinus
genus schistosoma,Schistosoma
genus schizachyrium,Schizachyrium
genus schizaea,Schizaea
genus schizophragma,Schizophragma
genus schizosaccharomyces,Schizosaccharomyces
genus schlumbergera,Schlumbergera
genus schomburgkia,Schomburgkia
genus sciadopitys,Sciadopitys
genus sciaena,Sciaena
genus sciaenops,Sciaenops
genus scincella,Scincella
genus scincus,Scincus
genus scindapsus,Scindapsus
genus scirpus,Scirpus
genus sciurus,Sciurus
genus scleranthus,Scleranthus
genus scleroderma,Scleroderma
genus scleropages,Scleropages
genus sclerotium,Sclerotium
genus scolopax,Scolopax
genus scolopendrium,Phyllitis
genus scolymus,Scolymus
genus scolytus,Scolytus
genus scomber,Scomber
genus scomberesox,Scomberesox
genus scomberomorus,Scomberomorus
genus scombresox,Scomberesox
genus scophthalmus,Scophthalmus
genus scopolia,Scopolia
genus scorpaena,Scorpaena
genus scrophularia,Scrophularia
genus scutellaria,Scutellaria
genus scutigera,Scutigera
genus scutigerella,Scutigerella
genus sebastiana,Sebastiana
genus sebastodes,Sebastodes
genus secale,Secale
genus seismosaurus,Seismosaurus
genus seiurus,Seiurus
genus selaginella,Selaginella
genus selar,Selar
genus selenarctos,Selenarctos
genus selene,Selene
genus selenicereus,Selenicereus
genus selenipedium,Selenipedium
genus senecio,Senecio
genus sepia,Sepia
genus septobasidium,Septobasidium
genus sequoiadendron,Sequoiadendron
genus serenoa,Serenoa
genus sericocarpus,Sericocarpus
genus serinus,Serinus
genus seriola,Seriola
genus seriphidium,Seriphidium
genus seriphus,Seriphus
genus serranus,Serranus
genus serrasalmus,Serrasalmus
genus serratula,Serratula
genus sertularia,Sertularia
genus sesamum,Sesamum
genus seseli,Seseli
genus setaria,Setaria
genus setophaga,Setophaga
genus shorea,Shorea
genus sialia,Sialia
genus sialis,Sialis
genus sida,Sida
genus sidalcea,Sidalcea
genus sideritis,Sideritis
genus sigmodon,Sigmodon
genus sillago,Sillago
genus silphium,Silphium
genus silurus,Silurus
genus silvia,Silvia
genus silybum,Silybum
genus simarouba,Simarouba
genus simulium,Simulium
genus sinanthropus,Sinanthropus
genus sinapis,Sinapis
genus sinningia,Sinningia
genus sison,Sison
genus sistrurus,Sistrurus
genus sisyrinchium,Sisyrinchium
genus sitophylus,Sitophylus
genus sitotroga,Sitotroga
genus sitta,Sitta
genus sium,Sium
genus sloanea,Sloanea
genus smilax,Smilax
genus smiledon,Smiledon
genus smyrnium,Smyrnium
genus solandra,Solandra
genus solanopteris,Solanopteris
genus solanum,Solanum
genus solea,Solea
genus soleirolia,Helxine
genus solenopsis,Solenopsis
genus solenostemon,Solenostemon
genus solidago,Solidago
genus somateria,Somateria
genus sonchus,Sonchus
genus sonora,Sonora
genus sophora,Sophora
genus sorbus,Sorbus
genus sorex,Sorex
genus spalax,Spalax
genus sparaxis,Sparaxis
genus sparganium,Sparganium
genus sparmannia,Sparmannia
genus spartina,Spartina
genus spartium,Spartium
genus spergula,Spergula
genus spergularia,Spergularia
genus spermophilus,Citellus
genus sphacele,Lepechinia
genus sphacelotheca,Sphacelotheca
genus sphaeralcea,Sphaeralcea
genus sphaerocarpos,Sphaerocarpus
genus sphaerocarpus,Sphaerocarpus
genus sphecius,Sphecius
genus sphecotheres,Sphecotheres
genus spheniscus,Spheniscus
genus sphenodon,Sphenodon
genus sphyraena,Sphyraena
genus sphyrapicus,Sphyrapicus
genus sphyrna,Sphyrna
genus spilogale,Spilogale
genus spinacia,Spinacia
genus spinus,Spinus
genus spiraea,Spiraea
genus spiranthes,Spiranthes
genus spirochaeta,Spirochaeta
genus spirodela,Spirodela
genus spizella,Spizella
genus spodoptera,Spodoptera
genus spondias,Spondias
genus sporobolus,Sporobolus
genus spraguea,Spraguea
genus spyeria,Spyeria
genus squalus,Squalus
genus squatina,Squatina
genus stachys,Stachys
genus stanleya,Stanleya
genus staphylea,Staphylea
genus steatornis,Steatornis
genus steganopus,Steganopus
genus stellaria,Stellaria
genus stenocarpus,Stenocarpus
genus stenochlaena,Stenochlaena
genus stenopelmatus,Stenopelmatus
genus stenotaphrum,Stenotaphrum
genus stenotomus,Stenotomus
genus stenotus,Stenotus
genus stephanomeria,Stephanomeria
genus stercorarius,Stercorarius
genus sterna,Sterna
genus sternotherus,Sternotherus
genus sticherus,Sticherus
genus stictomys,Stictomys
genus stictopelia,Stictopelia
genus stizolobium,genus Mucuna
genus stizostedion,Stizostedion
genus stokesia,Stokesia
genus storeria,Storeria
genus strekelia,Strekelia
genus strelitzia,Strelitzia
genus strepera,Strepera
genus strepsiceros,Tragelaphus
genus streptopelia,Streptopelia
genus streptosolen,Streptosolen
genus strix,Strix
genus strobilomyces,Strobilomyces
genus strombus,Strombus
genus strongylodon,Strongylodon
genus stropharia,Stropharia
genus struthio,Struthio
genus strymon,Strymon
genus sturnella,Sturnella
genus sturnus,Sturnus
genus stylomecon,Stylomecon
genus stylophorum,Stylophorum
genus styphelia,Styphelia
genus subularia,Subularia
genus suillus,Suillus
genus sula,Sula
genus sundacarpus,Sundacarpus
genus suricata,Suricata
genus surnia,Surnia
genus sus,Sus
genus swainsona,Swainsona
genus swertia,Swertia
genus swietinia,Swietinia
genus sylvilagus,Sylvilagus
genus symphalangus,Symphalangus
genus symphoricarpos,Symphoricarpos
genus symphytum,Symphytum
genus symplocarpus,Symplocarpus
genus symplocus,Symplocus
genus synagrops,Synagrops
genus synanceja,Synanceja
genus synaptomys,Synaptomys
genus synchytrium,Synchytrium
genus synercus,Synercus
genus syngnathus,Syngnathus
genus syngonium,Syngonium
genus syringa,Syringa
genus syrrhaptes,Syrrhaptes
genus syzygium,Syzygium
genus tabernaemontana,Tabernaemontana
genus tacca,Tacca
genus tachyglossus,Tachyglossus
genus tachypleus,Tachypleus
genus tadarida,Tadarida
genus tadorna,Tadorna
genus tagetes,Tageteste
genus talinum,Talinum
genus tamarindus,Tamarindus
genus tamarix,Tamarix
genus tamias,Tamias
genus tamiasciurus,Tamiasciurus
genus tamus,Tamus
genus tanacetum,Tanacetum
genus tantilla,Tantilla
genus tapirus,Tapirus
genus taraktagenos,Hydnocarpus
genus taraktogenos,Hydnocarpus
genus taraxacum,Taraxacum
genus taricha,Taricha
genus tarrietia,Tarrietia
genus tarsius,Tarsius
genus taurotragus,Taurotragus
genus tautoga,Tautoga
genus tautogolabrus,Tautogolabrus
genus taxidea,Taxidea
genus taxodium,Taxodium
genus taxus,Taxus
genus tayassu,Tayassu
genus tectaria,Tectaria
genus tectona,Tectona
genus telanthera,Telanthera
genus tellima,Tellima
genus telopea,Telopea
genus templetonia,Templetonia
genus tephrosia,Tephrosia
genus terebella,Terebella
genus termes,Termes
genus terrapene,Terrapene
genus terrietia,Heritiera
genus testudo,Testudo
genus tethus,Aplysia
genus tetraclinis,Tetraclinis
genus tetragonia,Tetragonia
genus tetragonurus,Tetragonurus
genus tetraneuris,Tetraneuris
genus tetrao,Tetrao
genus tetrapturus,Tetrapturus
genus teucrium,Teucrium
genus thalarctos,Thalarctos
genus thalassoma,Thalassoma
genus thalictrum,Thalictrum
genus thamnophilus,Thamnophilus
genus thamnophis,Thamnophis
genus thelypteris,Thelypteris
genus theobroma,Theobroma
genus thermobia,Thermobia
genus thermopsis,Thermopsis
genus thespesia,Thespesia
genus thevetia,Thevetia
genus thielavia,Thielavia
genus thlaspi,Thlaspi
genus thomomys,Thomomys
genus threskiornis,Threskiornis
genus thrinax,Thrinax
genus thryothorus,Thryothorus
genus thuja,Thuja
genus thujopsis,Thujopsis
genus thunbergia,Thunbergia
genus thunnus,Thunnus
genus thylacinus,Thylacinus
genus thylogale,Thylogale
genus thymus,Thymus
genus thysanocarpus,Thysanocarpus
genus tiarella,Tiarella
genus tibicen,Tibicen
genus tichodroma,Tichodroma
genus tilapia,Tilapia
genus tilia,Tilia
genus tillandsia,Tillandsia
genus tilletia,Tilletia
genus timalia,Timalia
genus tinca,Tinca
genus tinea,Tinea
genus tineola,Tineola
genus tipuana,Tipuana
genus titanosaurus,Titanosaurus
genus todea,Todea
genus todus,Todus
genus tofieldia,Tofieldia
genus tolmiea,Tolmiea
genus tolypeutes,Tolypeutes
genus tomistoma,Tomistoma
genus toona,Toona
genus torreya,Torreya
genus townsendia,Townsendia
genus toxicodendron,Toxicodendron
genus toxostoma,Toxostoma
genus toxotes,Toxotes
genus trachelospermum,Trachelospermum
genus trachinotus,Trachinotus
genus trachipterus,Trachipterus
genus trachurus,Trachurus
genus tradescantia,Tradescantia
genus tragelaphus,Tragelaphus
genus tragopogon,Tragopogon
genus tragulus,Tragulus
genus trapa,Trapa
genus trautvetteria,Trautvetteria
genus trema,Trema
genus tremella,Tremella
genus triaenodon,Triaenodon
genus trialeurodes,Trialeurodes
genus triatoma,Triatoma
genus tribolium,Tribolium
genus tribonema,Tribonema
genus tribulus,Tribulus
genus trichecus,Trichechus
genus trichoceros,Trichoceros
genus trichoglossus,Trichoglossus
genus tricholoma,Tricholoma
genus trichomanes,Trichomanes
genus trichophaga,Trichophaga
genus trichophyton,Trichophyton
genus trichostema,Trichostema
genus trichostigma,Trichostigma
genus trichosurus,Trichosurus
genus trichys,Trichys
genus tridacna,Tridacna
genus trifolium,Trifolium
genus triga,Triga
genus triglochin,Triglochin
genus trigonella,Trigonella
genus trilisa,Trilisa
genus trimorphodon,Trimorphodon
genus trinectes,Trinectes
genus tringa,Tringa
genus trionyx,Trionyx
genus triops,Triops
genus triostium,Triostium
genus tripleurospermum,Tripleurospermum
genus triplochiton,Triplochiton
genus triticum,Triticum
genus triturus,Triturus
genus trogium,Trogium
genus troglodytes,Troglodytes
genus trollius,Trollius
genus trombicula,Trombicula
genus tropaeolum,Tropaeolum
genus tropidoclonion,Tropidoclonion
genus truncocolumella,Truncocolumella
genus tsuga,Tsuga
genus tuber,Tuber
genus tubercularia,Tubercularia
genus tulestoma,Tulostoma
genus tulipa,Tulipa
genus tulostoma,Tulostoma
genus tunga,Tunga
genus tupaia,Tupaia
genus tupinambis,Tupinambis
genus turbatrix,Anguillula
genus turdus,Turdus
genus turnix,Turnix
genus turritis,Turritis
genus tursiops,Tursiops
genus tussilago,Tussilago
genus tylenchus,Tylenchus
genus tympanuchus,Tympanuchus
genus typha,Typha
genus tyrannus,Tyrannus
genus tyto,Tyto
genus uca,Uca
genus uintatherium,Uintatherium
genus ulex,Ulex
genus ulmus,Ulmus
genus ulva,Ulva
genus uma,Uma
genus umbellularia,Umbellularia
genus umbrina,Umbrina
genus unio,Unio
genus upupa,Upupa
genus urginea,Urginea
genus uria,Uria
genus urocyon,Urocyon
genus urocystis,Urocystis
genus urophycis,Urophycis
genus uropsilus,Uropsilus
genus urosaurus,Urosaurus
genus ursus,Ursus
genus urtica,Urtica
genus usnea,Usnea
genus ustilaginoidea,Ustilaginoidea
genus ustilago,Ustilago
genus uta,Uta
genus utricularia,Utricularia
genus uvularia,Uvularia
genus vaccaria,Vaccaria
genus vaccinium,Vaccinium
genus valeriana,Valeriana
genus valerianella,Valerianella
genus vallisneria,Vallisneria
genus vanellus,Vanellus
genus vanessa,Vanessa
genus vangueria,Vangueria
genus varanus,Varanus
genus vedalia,Rodolia
genus venus,Venus
genus veratrum,Veratrum
genus verbascum,Verbascum
genus verbesina,Verbesina
genus vesicaria,Vesicaria
genus vespa,Vespa
genus vespertilio,Vespertilio
genus vespula,Vespula
genus viburnum,Viburnum
genus vicia,Vicia
genus vicugna,Vicugna
genus vidua,Vidua
genus vigna,Vigna
genus viminaria,Viminaria
genus vinca,Vinca
genus vincetoxicum,Vincetoxicum
genus viola,Viola
genus vipera,Vipera
genus virgilia,Virgilia
genus viscum,Viscum
genus vitis,Vitis
genus vittaria,Vittaria
genus viverra,Viverra
genus viverricula,Viverricula
genus volvaria,Volvaria
genus volvariella,Volvariella
genus volvox,Volvox
genus vulpes,Vulpes
genus vultur,Vultur
genus welwitchia,genus Welwitschia
genus wintera,Pseudowintera
genus wolffia,Wolffia
genus wolffiella,Wolffiella
genus woodwardia,Woodwardia
genus wynnea,Wynnea
genus xanthium,Xanthium
genus xanthomonas,Xanthomonas
genus xanthorroea,Xanthorroea
genus xanthosoma,Xanthosoma
genus xenicus,Xenicus
genus xenopus,Xenopus
genus xenorhyncus,Xenorhyncus
genus xenosaurus,Xenosaurus
genus xerobates,Xerobates
genus xerophyllum,Xerophyllum
genus xiphias,Xiphias
genus xylaria,Xylaria
genus xylocopa,Xylocopa
genus xylomelum,Xylomelum
genus xylopia,Xylopia
genus xyphophorus,Xyphophorus
genus xyris,Xyris
genus zaglossus,Zaglossus
genus zalophus,Zalophus
genus zannichellia,Zannichellia
genus zantedeschia,Zantedeschia
genus zanthoxylum,Zanthoxylum
genus zapus,Zapus
genus zea,Zea
genus zenaidura,Zenaidura
genus zerumbet,Alpinia
genus zeus,Zeus
genus zigadenus,Zigadenus
genus zingiber,Zingiber
genus zinjanthropus,Zinjanthropus
genus zizania,Zizania
genus ziziphus,Ziziphus
genus zoarces,Zoarces
genus zoisia,genus Zoysia
genus zonotrichia,Zonotrichia
genus zostera,Zostera
genus zygnema,Zygnema
genus zygocactus,Zygocactus
genus zygophyllum,Zygophyllum
genyonemus lineatus,white croaker
geocentric parallax,diurnal parallax
geococcyx californianus,roadrunner
geodesic line,geodesic
geoffrey chaucer,Chaucer
geoffroea decorticans,chanar
geographic area,geographical area
geographic expedition,exploration
geographic point,geographical point
geographic region,geographical area
geographical area,geographic area
geographical mile,nautical mile
geographical point,geographic point
geographical region,geographical area
geographical zone,zone
geographics,geography
geography,geographics
geologic process,geological process
geologic time,geological time
geological dating,dating
geological era,era
geological fault,fault
geological formation,formation
geological period,period
geological process,geologic process
geological time,geologic time
geometer,geometrician
geometrical irregularity,irregularity
geometrical regularity,regularity
geometrician,geometer
geometrid,geometrid moth
geometrid moth,geometrid
geomorphology,morphology
geomys bursarius,plains pocket gopher
geomys pinetis,southeastern pocket gopher
geophagia,geophagy
geophagy,geophagia
geophysical science,geophysics
geophysics,geophysical science
georg friedrich bernhard riemann,Riemann
georg friedrich handel,Handel
georg meissner,Meissner
georg philipp telemann,Telemann
georg simon ohm,Ohm
georg wilhelm friedrich hegel,Hegel
georg wilhelm steller,Steller
george armstrong custer,Custer
george balanchine,Balanchine
george beadle,Beadle
george berkeley,Berkeley
george bernard shaw,Shaw
george boole,Boole
george bryan brummell,Brummell
george burns,Burns
george bush,Bush
george c. scott,Scott
george catlett marshall,Marshall
george charles hevesy de hevesy,Hevesy
george dewey,Dewey
george dibdin-pitt,Pitt
george dibdin pitt,Pitt
george du maurier,du Maurier
george eastman,Eastman
george edward moore,Moore
george edward pickett,Pickett
george eliot,Eliot
george ellery hale,Hale
george enescu,Enesco
george f. kennan,Kennan
george fox,Fox
george frederick handel,Handel
george frideric handel,Handel
george frost kennan,Kennan
george gamow,Gamow
george gershwin,Gershwin
george gilbert aime murphy,Murray
george gordon meade,Meade
george guess,Sequoya
george h.w. bush,Bush
george harrison,Harrison
george herbert hitchings,Hitchings
george herbert mead,Mead
george herbert walker bush,Bush
george herman ruth,Ruth
george hubert wilkins,Wilkins
george huntington,Huntington
george i,George
george ii,George
george iii,George
george iv,George
george louis palmella busson du maurier,du Maurier
george lucas,Lucas
george m. cohan,Cohan
george macaulay trevelyan,Trevelyan
george marshall,Marshall
george mason,Mason
george meany,Meany
george meredith,Meredith
george michael cohan,Cohan
george orson welles,Welles
george orwell,Orwell
george otto trevelyan,Trevelyan
george paget thomson,Thomson
george percy aldridge grainger,Grainger
george pitt,Pitt
george s. kaufman,Kaufman
george sand,Sand
george segal,Segal
george simon kaufman,Kaufman
george stephenson,Stephenson
george stevens,Stevens
george szell,Szell
george v,George
george vancouver,Vancouver
george vi,George
george w. bush,Bush
george walker bush,Bush
george washington,Washington
george washington carver,Carver
george washington goethals,Goethals
george wells beadle,Beadle
george westinghouse,Westinghouse
george william russell,Russell
georges bizet,Bizet
georges braque,Braque
georges clemenceau,Clemenceau
georges cuvier,Cuvier
georges de la tour,La Tour
georges enesco,Enesco
georges eugene benjamin clemenceau,Clemenceau
georges gilles de la tourette,Tourette
georges henri lemaitre,Lemaitre
georges jacques danton,Danton
georges joseph christian simenon,Simenon
georges leopold chretien frederic dagobert cuvier,Cuvier
georges pierre seurat,Seurat
georges seurat,Seurat
georges simenon,Simenon
georgi konstantinovich zhukov,Zhukov
georgi zhukov,Zhukov
georgia bark,fever tree
georgia home boy,soap
georgia okeeffe,O'Keeffe
georgia pine,longleaf pine
georgiana barrymore,Barrymore
georgiana emma barrymore,Barrymore
geosphere,lithosphere
geothlypis trichas,common yellowthroat
gerald ford,Ford
gerald r. ford,Ford
gerald rudolph ford,Ford
geranium family,Geraniaceae
geranium maculatum,wild geranium
geranium molle,dove's foot geranium
geranium pratense,meadow cranesbill
geranium richardsonii,Richardson's geranium
geranium robertianum,herb robert
geranium viscosissimum,sticky geranium
gerard depardieu,Depardieu
gerard kuiper,Kuiper
gerard manley hopkins,Hopkins
gerard peter kuiper,Kuiper
gerardia pedicularia,false foxglove
gerardia virginica,false foxglove
gerardus mercator,Mercator
gerbera jamesonii,Barberton daisy
gerbert,Sylvester II
gerbil,gerbille
gerbille,gerbil
gerea canescens,desert sunflower
gerenuk,Litocranius walleri
gerfalcon,gyrfalcon
gerhard gerhards,Erasmus
gerhard herzberg,Herzberg
gerhard kremer,Mercator
geriatrician,gerontologist
geriatrics,gerontology
germ,source
germ cell,reproductive cell
germ plasm,plasm
germ warfare,bacteriological warfare
german bee,black bee
german capital,Berlin
german chamomile,sweet false chamomile
german democratic republic,East Germany
german language,German
german luftwaffe,Luftwaffe
german mark,mark
german nazi,Nazi
german pancake,pfannkuchen
german police dog,German shepherd
german rampion,common evening primrose
german shepherd dog,German shepherd
german silver,nickel silver
german tamarisk,false tamarisk
germander speedwell,bird's eye
germanic language,Germanic
germanium,Ge
germicide,disinfectant
germinal area,blastoderm
germinal disc,blastoderm
germination,sprouting
gerontologist,geriatrician
gerontology,geriatrics
gerres cinereus,yellowfin mojarra
gerridae,Gerreidae
gerris lacustris,common pond-skater
gertrude caroline ederle,Ederle
gertrude ederle,Ederle
gertrude lawrence,Lawrence
gertrude stein,Stein
gesneria family,Gesneriaceae
gestalt principle of organization,Gestalt law of organization
gestation,gestation period
gestation period,gestation
gestational age,fetal age
gesture,motion
get-go,beginning
get-up-and-go,energy
get together,meeting
geta,clog
getaway,pickup
getting,acquiring
getting even,return
getulio dornelles vargas,Vargas
getup,outfit
geum alleppicum strictum,yellow avens
geum canadense,bennet
geum macrophyllum,yellow avens
geum rivale,water avens
geum strictum,yellow avens
geum triflorum,prairie smoke
geum urbanum,herb bennet
geum virginianum,bennet
gewgaw,bangle
ghastliness,grimness
ghatti,ghatti gum
ghatti gum,ghatti
ghb,gamma hydroxybutyrate
gheg dialect,Gheg
ghent,Gent
ghetto blaster,boom box
ghillie,gillie
ghost,shade
ghost gum,snow gum
ghost weed,snow-on-the-mountain
ghostfish,wrymouth
ghostliness,eeriness
ghostwriter,ghost
ghoul,graverobber
ghq,command post
ghrf,growth hormone-releasing factor
ghz,gigahertz
gi hormones,gastrointestinal hormone
gi tract,alimentary canal
gia,Armed Islamic Group
giacomo della chiesa,Benedict XV
giacomo meyerbeer,Meyerbeer
giacomo puccini,Puccini
giambattista lulli,Lully
giambattista marini,Marini
giambattista marino,Marini
gian carlo menotti,Menotti
gianbattista bodoni,Bodoni
giannangelo braschi,Pius VI
gianni versace,Versace
giant anteater,ant bear
giant armadillo,tatou
giant bamboo,kyo-chiku
giant buttercup,Laccopetalum giganteum
giant cane,cane reed
giant chinkapin,golden chinkapin
giant clam,Tridacna gigas
giant conch,Strombus gigas
giant coreopsis,Coreopsis gigantea
giant crab,Macrocheira kaempferi
giant eland,Taurotragus derbianus
giant fern,angiopteris
giant fir,lowland fir
giant fulmar,giant petrel
giant garlic,sand leek
giant granadilla,granadilla
giant helleborine,stream orchid
giant hives,angioedema
giant hornet,Vespa crabro
giant kangaroo,great grey kangaroo
giant lizard,Komodo dragon
giant moa,Dinornis giganteus
giant northwest shipworm,Bankia setaceae
giant panda,panda
giant perch,barramundi
giant petrel,giant fulmar
giant pigfish,pigfish
giant potato creeper,potato vine
giant puffball,Calvatia gigantea
giant red paintbrush,Castilleja miniata
giant reed,Arundo donax
giant ryegrass,Elymus condensatus
giant salamander,Megalobatrachus maximus
giant scallop,sea scallop
giant scrambling fern,Diplopterygium longissimum
giant seaperch,barramundi
giant sequoia,big tree
giant silkworm,silkworm
giant silkworm moth,silkworm moth
giant squid,architeuthis
giant star,giant
giant star grass,Cynodon plectostachyum
giant stock bean,jack bean
giant sunflower,tall sunflower
giant taro,Alocasia macrorrhiza
giant timber bamboo,madake
giant willowherb,fireweed
giantism,gigantism
gib,gigabyte
gibber,gibberish
gibberish,gibber
gibbet,gallows tree
gibbosity,bulge
gibbousness,bulge
gibe,shot
gibibit,Gibit
gibibyte,gigabyte
gibit,gibibit
giblet,giblets
giblets,giblet
gibraltar fever,brucellosis
giddiness,silliness
gideon algernon mantell,Mantell
gidgee,stinking wattle
gift,endowment
gift shop,novelty shop
gig,spear
gigabit,Gbit
gigabyte,G
gigacycle,gigahertz
gigacycle per second,gigahertz
gigahertz,GHz
gigantism,giantism
giggler,titterer
gigot,leg of lamb
gigue,jig
gila river,Gila
gilbert,Gb
gilbert charles stuart,Stuart
gilbert keith chesterton,Chesterton
gilbert murray,Murray
gilbert stuart,Stuart
gild,club
gilded flicker,Colaptes chrysoides
gilding,gilt
giles lytton strachey,Strachey
gill,lamella
gill-over-the-ground,ground ivy
gill arch,branchial arch
gill bar,gill arch
gill cleft,gill slit
gill slit,branchial cleft
gilles de la tourette,Tourette
gilles de la tourette syndrome,Tourette's syndrome
gillie,ghillie
gillyflower,stock
giloacchino antonio rossini,Rossini
gimcrackery,folderal
gimlet,auger
gimmick,catch
gimp,lameness
gimpiness,lameness
gin,snare
gin mill,public house
gin rummy,gin
ginep,Spanish lime
ginger ale,ginger pop
ginger family,Zingiberaceae
ginger nut,gingersnap
ginger pop,ginger ale
ginger rogers,Rogers
ginger snap,gingersnap
gingerroot,ginger
gingersnap,ginger snap
gingiva,gum
gingko,ginkgo
ginglymoid joint,hinge joint
ginglymostoma cirratum,nurse shark
ginglymus,hinge joint
ginkgo,gingko
ginkgo biloba,ginkgo
ginkgo family,Ginkgoaceae
ginkgophytina,Ginkgopsida
ginmill,barroom
ginseng,nin-sin
ginzo,wop
gioacchino pecci,Leo XIII
giordano bruno,Bruno
giorgio de chirico,Chirico
giorgio vasari,Vasari
giosue carducci,Carducci
giotto di bondone,Giotto
giovanni angelo braschi,Pius VI
giovanni battista cibo,Innocent VIII
giovanni battista montini,Paul VI
giovanni battista tiepolo,Tiepolo
giovanni boccaccio,Boccaccio
giovanni cabato,Cabot
giovanni cimabue,Cimabue
giovanni da verrazano,Verrazano
giovanni da verrazzano,Verrazano
giovanni de'medici,Leo X
giovanni di bernardone,Francis of Assisi
giovanni francesco albani,Clement XI
giovanni jacopo casanova,Casanova
giovanni jacopo casanova de seingalt,Casanova
giovanni lorenzo bernini,Bernini
giovanni maria mastai-ferretti,Pius IX
giovanni mastai-ferretti,Pius IX
giovanni pierluigi da palestrina,Palestrina
giovanni vincenzo pecci,Leo XIII
giovanni virginio schiaparelli,Schiaparelli
gipsy,itinerant
gipsy moth,gypsy moth
gipsywort,gypsywort
giraffa camelopardalis,giraffe
giraffe,camelopard
girandola,girandole
girandole,girandola
girasol,fire opal
girdle,cincture
girl,miss
girlfriend,girl
girlhood,maidenhood
giro,giro cheque
giro cheque,giro
girolamo savonarola,Savonarola
girondin,Girondist
girth,cinch
gismo,doodad
gist,effect
git,rotter
gita,Bhagavad-Gita
gittern,cittern
giulio de' medici,Clement VII
giulio natta,Natta
giuseppe balsamo,Cagliostro
giuseppe garibaldi,Garibaldi
giuseppe mazzini,Mazzini
giuseppe melchiorre sarto,Pius X
giuseppe sarto,Pius X
giuseppe verdi,Verdi
give,spring
give-and-take,discussion
giveaway,game show
given name,first name
giver,donor
giving birth,parturition
giving medication,administration
giving up,yielding
gizeh,Giza
gizmo,doodad
gizzard,ventriculus
glabella,mesophyron
glacial epoch,ice age
glacial period,ice age
glacier lily,snow lily
gladdon,stinking iris
gladdon iris,stinking iris
glade,clearing
glade fern,silvery spleenwort
glade mallow,Napaea dioica
gladfulness,gladness
gladiator,prizefighter
gladiola,gladiolus
gladiolus,gladiola
gladness,gladfulness
gladsomeness,gladness
gladstone bag,portmanteau
gladys smith,Pickford
glamor,glamour
glamorisation,glamorization
glamorization,glamorisation
glamour,glamor
glamourisation,glamorization
glamourization,glamorization
glance,glimpse
gland,secretory organ
gland disease,glandular disease
glandulae cervicales uteri,cervical glands
glandulae sebaceae,sebaceous gland
glandular cancer,adenocarcinoma
glandular carcinoma,adenocarcinoma
glandular disease,gland disease
glandular disorder,glandular disease
glandular fever,infectious mononucleosis
glandular labrador tea,trapper's tea
glandular plague,bubonic plague
glare,blaze
glareole,pratincole
glass,drinking glass
glass-cutter,glass cutter
glass cutter,glass-cutter
glass fiber,optical fiber
glass fibre,optical fiber
glass lizard,glass snake
glass snake,glass lizard
glasses,spectacles
glassful,glass
glasshouse,greenhouse
glassware,glasswork
glasswork,glassware
glassworker,glass cutter
glassworks,glassware
glasswort,saltwort
glauber's salts,Glauber's salt
glaucium flavum,horn poppy
glaucomys sabrinus,northern flying squirrel
glaucomys volans,southern flying squirrel
glaucous bristlegrass,yellow bristlegrass
glaux maritima,sea milkwort
glazer,glass cutter
glazier,glass cutter
gleam,gleaming
glechoma hederaceae,ground ivy
gleditsia aquatica,water locust
gleditsia triacanthos,honey locust
glee,hilarity
gleefulness,hilarity
gleichenia flabellata,umbrella fern
glen gebhard,Sanchez
glenda jackson,Jackson
glenn curtiss,Curtiss
glenn hammond curtiss,Curtiss
glenn miller,Miller
glenn t. seaborg,Seaborg
glenn theodore seaborg,Seaborg
glenoid cavity,glenoid fossa
glenoid fossa,mandibular fossa
glia,neuroglia
glial cell,neurogliacyte
glibness,slickness
glide,semivowel
glide path,approach path
glide slope,approach path
glider,sailplane
gliding,glide
gliding bacteria,myxobacteria
gliding joint,articulatio plana
glimmer,gleam
glimmering,inkling
glimpse,glance
glint,flicker
glioblastoma,spongioblastoma
glipizide,Glucotrol
glis glis,loir
glisten,glitter
glister,glitter
glitch,bug
glitter,glister
glitz,flashiness
gloam,twilight
gloaming,twilight
gloat,gloating
gloating,gloat
glob,ball
global aphasia,total aphasia
global climate change,climate change
global organization,world organization
globalisation,globalization
globalization,globalisation
globe,Earth
globe amaranth,bachelor's button
globe artichoke,artichoke
globe flower,globeflower
globe lily,fairy lantern
globe mallow,false mallow
globefish,puffer
globeflower,globe flower
globetrotter,world traveler
globicephala melaena,pilot whale
globin,hematohiston
globosity,sphericity
globular pearlite,granular pearlite
globularness,sphericity
globus pallidus,pallidum
glochid,glochidium
glochidium,glochid
glockenspiel,orchestral bells
glomerular capsule,Bowman's capsule
gloom,somberness
gloominess,gloom
gloomy dean,Inge
gloomy gus,sourpuss
glop,treacle
gloria may josephine svensson,Swanson
gloria steinem,Steinem
gloria swanson,Swanson
glorification,glory
gloriole,aura
gloriosa,glory lily
gloriosa superba,gloriosa
glorious revolution,English Revolution
glory,glorification
glory fern,Farley maidenhair
glory hole,lazaretto
glory lily,gloriosa
glory pea,clianthus
gloss,rubric
glossa,tongue
glossalgia,glossodynia
glossary,gloss
glossina,tsetse fly
glossiness,polish
glossodynia,glossalgia
glossodynia exfoliativa,Moeller's glossitis
glossopharyngeal nerve,nervus glossopharyngeus
glossopsitta versicolor,varied Lorikeet
glossy snake,Arizona elegans
glottal catch,glottal stop
glottal plosive,glottal stop
glottal stop,glottal plosive
glottis spuria,rima vestibuli
glottis vera,rima glottidis
glove,baseball glove
glove doll,hand puppet
glove puppet,hand puppet
glow,freshness
glower,glare
gloxinia perennis,Canterbury bell
gloxinia spesiosa,florist's gloxinia
glucinium,beryllium
glucophage,metformin
glucotrol,glipizide
glue,gum
glueyness,cohesiveness
gluiness,cohesiveness
glumness,gloom
glut,oversupply
glutamic acid,glutaminic acid
glutamic oxalacetic transaminase,glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase
glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase,glutamic oxalacetic transaminase
glutaminic acid,glutamic acid
glute,gluteus
gluteal artery,arteria glutes
gluteal muscle,gluteus
gluteal vein,vena gluteus
glutethimide,Doriden
gluteus,gluteus muscle
gluteus muscle,gluteus
glutinosity,gelatinousness
glutinousness,gelatinousness
glutton,gourmand
gluttony,overeating
glyburide,DiaBeta
glyceraldehyde,glyceric aldehyde
glyceria grandis,reed meadow grass
glyceric aldehyde,glyceraldehyde
glyceride,acylglycerol
glycerin,glycerol
glycerine,glycerol
glycerite,glycerole
glycerogel,glycerogelatin
glycerogelatin,glycerogel
glycerol,glycerin
glycerol trimargarate,margarin
glycerol tripalmitate,tripalmitin
glycerol tristearate,tristearin
glycerole,glycerite
glyceryl trinitrate,nitroglycerin
glycine max,soy
glycogen,animal starch
glycol,ethylene glycol
glycolic acid,glycollic acid
glycollic acid,glycolic acid
glycyrrhiza glabra,licorice
glycyrrhiza lepidota,wild licorice
glyoxaline,imidazole
glyptic art,glyptography
glyptics,lithoglyptics
glyptography,glyptic art
gm,gram
gmt,Greenwich Mean Time
gnaeus julius agricola,Agricola
gnaeus pompeius magnus,Pompey
gnaphalium sylvaticum,chafeweed
gnarl,knot
gnawer,rodent
gnawing mammal,lagomorph
gnetophyta,Gnetopsida
gnetophytina,Gnetopsida
gnetum,Gnetum gnemon
gnetum gnemon,gnetum
gnome,dwarf
gnp,gross national product
gnu,wildebeest
gnu goat,takin
go-ahead,green light
go-around,overshoot
go-between,mediator
go-cart,walker
go-getter,whizz-kid
go game,go
goa bean,winged bean
goa bean vine,winged bean
goa powder,araroba
goad,prod
goading,goad
goal,end
goalie,goalkeeper
goalkeeper,goalie
goaltender,goalkeeper
goat,caprine animal
goat's foot,goatsfoot
goat's rue,catgut
goat cheese,chevre
goat god,Pan
goat grass,Aegilops triuncalis
goat herder,goatherd
goat rue,goat's rue
goat willow,florist's willow
goatfish,red mullet
goatherd,goat herder
goatsbeard,meadow salsify
goatsfoot,goat's foot
goatsucker,nightjar
gob,mariner
gobbler,turkey cock
gobi desert,Gobi
gobiesox strumosus,skillet fish
gobio gobio,gudgeon
goblet,chalice
goblin,hob
gobs,tons
goby,gudgeon
god's acre,churchyard
god almighty,Godhead
god of war,war god
god tree,kapok
godlessness,atheism
godsend,boom
godwin austen,K2
goer,departer
goering,Goring
goeteborg,Goteborg
goethite,gothite
goffer,gopher
goffering iron,goffer
goggle-eye,bigeye scad
goggle box,television receiver
gogh,van Gogh
goidelic,Gaelic
going-over,castigation
going away,departure
going to jerusalem,musical chairs
going under,foundering
goiter,goitre
goitre,goiter
golan,Golan Heights
gold-beater,goldbeater
gold-crowned kinglet,Regulus satrata
gold-tail moth,Euproctis chrysorrhoea
gold-worker,goldsmith
gold braid,braid
gold coast,Ghana
gold digger,gold miner
gold fern,Pityrogramma chrysophylla
gold mine,goldmine
gold miner,gold digger
gold of pleasure,Camelina sativa
gold panner,gold miner
gold rush,boom
golda meir,Meir
goldbeater,gold-beater
goldbrick,goof-off
goldbricking,shirking
goldcrest,golden-crested kinglet
goldcup,buttercup
golden-beard penstemon,Penstemon barbatus
golden-crested kinglet,goldcrest
golden-eyed fly,goldeneye
golden ager,oldster
golden barrel cactus,Echinocactus grusonii
golden boy,wonder boy
golden buttons,tansy
golden chain,common laburnum
golden chinkapin,giant chinkapin
golden clematis,Clematis tangutica
golden club,Orontium aquaticum
golden crown beard,cowpen daisy
golden crownbeard,cowpen daisy
golden cup,Mexican tulip poppy
golden eagle,Aquila chrysaetos
golden everlasting,strawflower
golden fairy lantern,yellow globe lily
golden fern,Pityrogramma calomelanos aureoflava
golden fig,Florida strangler fig
golden glow,double gold
golden gram,mung
golden groundsel,golden ragwort
golden hamster,Syrian hamster
golden heather,false heather
golden honey plant,wingstem
golden ironweed,wingstem
golden larch,Pseudolarix amabilis
golden maidenhair,common polypody
golden marguerite,yellow chamomile
golden mean,golden section
golden oak mushroom,shiitake
golden oldie,oldie
golden oriole,Oriolus oriolus
golden pea,false lupine
golden pheasant,Chrysolophus pictus
golden pholiota,Pholiota aurea
golden polypody,serpent fern
golden pothos,pothos
golden potto,angwantibo
golden ragwort,golden groundsel
golden rain,common laburnum
golden saxifrage,golden spleen
golden seal,goldenseal
golden section,golden mean
golden shiner,Notemigonus crysoleucas
golden shower tree,drumstick tree
golden spleen,golden saxifrage
golden star,golden stars
golden stars,golden star
golden state,California
golden syrup,treacle
golden thread,goldthread
golden trumpet,common allamanda
golden warbler,yellow warbler
golden wattle,Acacia pycnantha
golden willow,Salix alba vitellina
golden wonder millet,German millet
golden yarrow,Eriophyllum lanatum
goldeneye,golden-eyed fly
goldenseal,golden seal
goldfields,Lasthenia chrysostoma
goldfinch,New World goldfinch
goldfish,Carassius auratus
goldfish bowl,fish bowl
goldie's shield fern,Goldie's fern
goldie's wood fern,Goldie's fern
goldilocks,goldilocks aster
goldilocks aster,goldilocks
goldmine,gold mine
goldsmith,goldworker
goldthread,golden thread
goldworker,goldsmith
golem,automaton
golf,golf game
golf-club,golf club
golf-club head,club head
golf caddie,caddie
golf cap,baseball cap
golf cart,golfcart
golf club,golf-club
golf course,links course
golf game,golf
golf hole,hole
golf links,links
golf player,golfer
golf pro,professional golfer
golf range,driving range
golf shot,golf stroke
golf stroke,golf shot
golf tee,tee
golfcart,golf cart
golfer,golf player
golfo de campeche,Gulf of Campeche
golfo de mexico,Gulf of Mexico
golgi apparatus,Golgi body
golgi cell,Golgi's cell
golgi complex,Golgi body
golgotha,Calvary
goliath frog,Rana goliath
golliwog,golliwogg
golliwogg,golliwog
golosh,arctic
gomel,Homyel
gomorrha,Gomorrah
gomphrena globosa,globe amaranth
gomuti,sugar palm
gomuti palm,sugar palm
gonad,sex gland
gonadotrophic hormone,gonadotropin
gonadotrophin,gonadotropin
gonadotropic hormone,gonadotropin
gonadotropin,gonadotrophin
goncalo alves,Astronium fraxinifolium
gondang wax,fig wax
gondola,gondola car
gondola car,gondola
gondolier,gondoliere
gondoliere,gondolier
goner,toast
gong,tam-tam
gong buoy,bell buoy
gonif,goniff
goniff,gonif
gonococcus,Neisseria gonorrhoeae
gonorhynchus gonorhynchus,beaked salmon
gonorrhea,gonorrhoea
gonorrhoea,gonorrhea
goo,sludge
goober,peanut
goober pea,peanut
good-by,adieu
good-bye,adieu
good-humoredness,good-temperedness
good-humouredness,good-temperedness
good-king-henry,allgood
good-naturedness,good-temperedness
good-neighborliness,neighborliness
good-neighbourliness,neighborliness
good-temperedness,good-humoredness
good afternoon,afternoon
good book,Bible
good continuation,continuation
good day,adieu
good deal,batch
good example,exemplar
good faith,straightness
good fortune,luckiness
good health,healthiness
good humor,good humour
good humour,good humor
good looks,handsomeness
good luck,good fortune
good luck charm,charm
good manners,courtesy
good morning,morning
good ol' boy,good old boy
good old boy,good ole boy
good old days,auld langsyne
good ole boy,good old boy
good sense,common sense
good shepherd,Jesus
good speller,speller
good spirit,eudemon
good story,funny story
good temper,good humor
good time,blast
good turn,turn
good will,grace
good word,recommendation
goodby,adieu
goodbye,adieu
goodenia family,Goodeniaceae
goodness,good
goodwill,good will
goody,dainty
goof,fathead
goof-off,goldbrick
goofball,fathead
goofing off,shirking
googly,wrong 'un
gook,sludge
goon,lout
gooney,black-footed albatross
gooney bird,black-footed albatross
goonie,black-footed albatross
goony,black-footed albatross
goop,sludge
goora nut,kola
goosander,Mergus merganser
goose,fathead
goose-tansy,silverweed
goose barnacle,gooseneck barnacle
goose bump,pilomotor reflex
goose egg,nothing
goose grass,cleavers
goose pimple,pilomotor reflex
goose plum,American red plum
goose skin,pilomotor reflex
gooseberry,gooseberry bush
gooseberry bush,gooseberry
gooseberry family,Grossulariaceae
goosebump,pilomotor reflex
goosefish,angler
gooseflesh,pilomotor reflex
goosefoot family,Chenopodiaceae
goosefoot maple,moosewood
gooseneck barnacle,goose barnacle
gooseneck loosestrife,Lysimachia clethroides Duby
gop,Republican Party
gopher,goffer
gopher snake,indigo snake
gopher state,Minnesota
gopher tortoise,gopher turtle
gopher turtle,gopher tortoise
gopherus agassizii,desert tortoise
gopherus polypemus,gopher tortoise
gopherwood,Kentucky yellowwood
goral,Naemorhedus goral
gordie howe,Howe
gordon howe,Howe
gore vidal,Vidal
gorge,defile
gorger,scoffer
gorgerin,necking
gorgoniacea,Gorgonacea
gorgonian,gorgonian coral
gorgonian coral,gorgonian
gorilla,Gorilla gorilla
gorilla gorilla,gorilla
gorilla gorilla beringei,mountain gorilla
gorilla gorilla gorilla,western lowland gorilla
gorilla gorilla grauri,eastern lowland gorilla
gorki,Gorky
gorkiy,Nizhnyi Novgorod
gorse,furze
gosan-chiku,fishpole bamboo
goshawk,Accipiter gentilis
gosmore,cat's-ear
gospel according to john,John
gospel according to luke,Luke
gospel according to mark,Mark
gospel according to matthew,Matthew
gospel of luke,Luke
gospel singing,gospel
gospel truth,gospel
gospeler,evangelist
gospeller,evangelist
gospels,Gospel
gossip,chitchat
gossiper,gossip
gossiping,gossipmongering
gossipmonger,gossip
gossipmongering,gossiping
gossypium arboreum,tree cotton
gossypium barbadense,sea island cotton
gossypium herbaceum,Levant cotton
gossypium hirsutum,upland cotton
gossypium peruvianum,Peruvian cotton
gossypium thurberi,wild cotton
goth,peasant
gothenburg,Goteborg
gothic architecture,Gothic
gothite,goethite
gottfried wilhelm leibnitz,Leibniz
gottfried wilhelm leibniz,Leibniz
gotthold ephraim lessing,Lessing
gottlieb daimler,Daimler
gouda cheese,Gouda
gouge,dent
gouger,swindler
goujon,flathead catfish
goulash,Hungarian goulash
gourd,calabash
gourd family,Cucurbitaceae
gourd vine,gourd
gourmand,glutton
gourmandizer,glutton
gourmet,epicure
gout,gouty arthritis
gouty arthritis,gout
gouverneur morris,Morris
governance,administration
governing body,administration
government,authorities
government activity,government
government agency,agency
government income,government revenue
government issue,issue
government man,G-man
government minister,minister
government note,bill
government officials,officialdom
government printing office,United States Government Printing Office
government revenue,government income
government security,agency security
governor,regulator
governor's plum,governor plum
governor's race,campaign for governor
governor plum,governor's plum
gowen cypress,Cupressus goveniana
gown,nightgown
goy,gentile
goya y lucientes,Goya
gp,general practitioner
gp bomb,general-purpose bomb
gpa,grade point average
gpo,United States Government Printing Office
gps,Global Positioning System
grab,catch
grace,saving grace
grace ethel cecile rosalie allen,Allen
grace kelly,Kelly
grace note,appoggiatura
grace of god,grace
grace patricia kelly,Kelly
gracelessness,ungracefulness
gracie,Allen
gracie allen,Allen
gracilariid,gracilariid moth
gracilariid moth,gracilariid
gracility,grace
gracillariidae,Gracilariidae
graciousness,benignity
grackle,hill myna
gracula religiosa,hill myna
grad,grade
grad school,graduate school
grad student,graduate student
gradation,step
grade,class
grade crossing,level crossing
grade insignia,chevron
grade point average,GPA
grade school,grammar school
gradient,slope
grading,scaling
graduality,gradualness
gradualness,gentleness
graduate nurse,trained nurse
graduate school,grad school
graduate student,grad student
graduated table,scale
graduated tax,progressive tax
graduation,commencement
graduation exercise,commencement
graeco-roman deity,Greco-Roman deity
graf zeppelin,zeppelin
graffiti,graffito
graffito,graffiti
graft,transplant
grafting,graft
graham flour,whole wheat flour
graham greene,Greene
grail,Holy Grail
grain,food grain
grain alcohol,ethyl alcohol
grain field,grainfield
grainfield,grain field
graininess,coarseness
graining,woodgraining
grains of paradise,Guinea grains
grainy club mushrooms,Clavicipitaceae
gram,gramme
gram's procedure,Gram's method
gram's stain,Gram's method
gram-atomic weight,gram atom
gram atom,gram-atomic weight
gram calorie,calorie
gram method,Gram's method
gram molecule,mole
gram stain,Gram's method
grama,grama grass
grama grass,grama
graminaceae,Gramineae
graminaceous plant,gramineous plant
gramineous plant,graminaceous plant
gramma,grama
gramma grass,grama
grammar school,grade school
grammarian,syntactician
grammatical case,case
grammatical category,syntactic category
grammatical constituent,constituent
grammatical construction,construction
grammatical gender,gender
grammatical rule,rule of grammar
grammatolatry,verbolatry
gramme,gram
gramophone,acoustic gramophone
gramps,grandfather
grampus,killer whale
grampus griseus,grampus
gran,grandma
gran casa,bass drum
granadilla,giant granadilla
granadilla tree,granadillo
granadilla wood,cocuswood
granadillo,granadilla tree
granary,garner
grand canyon state,Arizona
grand duchy of luxembourg,Luxembourg
grand fir,lowland fir
grand lama,Dalai Lama
grand larceny,grand theft
grand mal,grand mal epilepsy
grand mal epilepsy,grand mal
grand piano,grand
grand theft,grand larceny
grand turk,sultan
grandad,grandfather
grandaunt,great-aunt
granddad,grandfather
granddaddy,grandfather
grandeur,magnificence
grandfather,gramps
grandfather clock,longcase clock
grandiloquence,grandiosity
grandiosity,magniloquence
grandma,grandmother
grandma moses,Moses
grandmother,grandma
grandnephew,great-nephew
grandness,importance
grandniece,great-niece
grandpa,grandfather
grandstand,covered stand
granduncle,great-uncle
granger,farmer
granite state,New Hampshire
granite stater,New Hampshirite
grannie,grandma
granny,grandma
granny's bonnets,Aquilegia vulgaris
granny knot,granny
grant,subsidization
grant wood,Wood
grantee,alienee
granth,Adi Granth
granth sahib,Adi Granth
granting immunity,exemption
grantor trust,Clifford trust
granular pearlite,globular pearlite
granularity,coarseness
granulation,granulation tissue
granulation tissue,granulation
granulocytic leukemia,myelocytic leukemia
granulocytopenia,agranulocytosis
granuloma inguinale,granuloma venereum
granuloma venereum,granuloma inguinale
granville stanley hall,Hall
grape,grapevine
grape-leaf begonia,maple-leaf begonia
grape arbor,grape arbour
grape arbour,grape arbor
grape louse,grape phylloxera
grape phylloxera,grape louse
grape sugar,dextrose
grape vine,grape
grapefruit,Citrus paradisi
grapeshot,grape
grapevine,pipeline
grapevine family,Vitaceae
graph,graphical record
grapheme,character
graphic artist,printmaker
graphic designer,designer
graphic symbol,character
graphic tellurium,sylvanite
graphical record,graph
graphical user interface,GUI
graphics,artwork
graphite,black lead
graphologist,handwriting expert
graphospasm,writer's cramp
grapnel,grapple
grapnel anchor,grapnel
grapo,First of October Antifascist Resistance Group
grapple,grapnel
grappler,wrestler
grappling,wrestle
grappling hook,grapnel
grappling iron,grapnel
graptophyllum pictum,caricature plant
grasp,appreciation
grass-of-parnassus,parnassia
grass bacillus,Bacillus subtilis
grass family,Gramineae
grass fern,ribbon fern
grass finch,grassfinch
grass frog,Rana temporaria
grass parakeet,budgerigar
grass pea,Indian pea
grass pink,Calopogon pulchellum
grass poly,hyssop loosestrife
grass snake,ring snake
grass tree,cabbage tree
grass tree family,Xanthorrhoeaceae
grass vetch,grass vetchling
grass vetchling,grass vetch
grass widow,divorcee
grass widower,divorced man
grass wrack,eelgrass
grassfinch,grass finch
grassfire,prairie fire
grasshopper,hopper
grassy death camas,Zigadenus venenosus
grate,grating
gratefulness,thankfulness
graticule,reticle
gratification,satisfaction
gratuity,tip
grave accent,grave
grave mound,burial mound
gravel,crushed rock
gravelweed,Verbesina helianthoides
graven image,idol
graveness,gravity
graver,graving tool
graverobber,ghoul
gravestone,headstone
graveyard,cemetery
graveyard shift,night shift
graveyard watch,middle watch
gravida i,primigravida
gravida ii,secundigravida
gravida iii,tertigravida
gravidation,gravidity
gravidity,gravidness
gravidness,gravidity
gravimeter,hydrometer
gravimetry,hydrometry
graving dock,dry dock
graving tool,graver
gravitas,dignity
gravitation,gravity
gravitation wave,gravity wave
gravitational attraction,gravity
gravitational constant,universal gravitational constant
gravitational force,gravity
gravitational theory,theory of gravitation
gravity,gravitation
gravity bomb,dumb bomb
gravity fault,normal fault
gravity meter,gravimeter
gravity wave,gravitation wave
gravure,intaglio printing
gravy,pan gravy
gravy boat,gravy holder
gravy holder,gravy boat
gravy train,easy money
gray alder,grey alder
gray area,grey area
gray birch,grey birch
gray catbird,catbird
gray flounder,grey flounder
gray fox,grey fox
gray goldenrod,grey goldenrod
gray hen,greyhen
gray jay,Canada jay
gray kingbird,grey kingbird
gray lemming,grey lemming
gray market,grey market
gray matter,grey matter
gray mullet,mullet
gray partridge,Hungarian partridge
gray polypody,grey polypody
gray poplar,grey poplar
gray sage,silver sage
gray sea eagle,ern
gray skate,grey skate
gray snapper,grey snapper
gray sole,grey sole
gray substance,grey matter
gray whale,grey whale
gray willow,grey willow
gray wolf,timber wolf
grayback,greyback
graybeard,old man
grayhen,greyhen
grayish brown,dun
graylag,greylag
graylag goose,greylag
grayness,gray
graze,grazing
grazing,graze
grazing land,pasture
grease,lubricating oil
grease-gun,gun
grease monkey,automobile mechanic
greaseball,wop
greaser,wetback
greasewood,black greasewood
greasiness,oiliness
great-aunt,grandaunt
great-leaved macrophylla,large-leaved magnolia
great-nephew,grandnephew
great-niece,grandniece
great-uncle,granduncle
great adductor muscle,musculus adductor magnus
great anteater,ant bear
great ape,pongid
great arabian desert,Arabian Desert
great auk,Pinguinus impennis
great australian desert,Australian Desert
great barracuda,Sphyraena barracuda
great black-backed gull,black-backed gull
great blue heron,Ardea herodius
great blue shark,blue shark
great bowerbird,Chlamydera nuchalis
great britain,United Kingdom
great burdock,greater burdock
great bustard,Otis tarda
great cerebral vein,vena cerebri magna
great commoner,Bryan
great crested grebe,Podiceps cristatus
great deal,batch
great dog,Canis Major
great duckweed,water flaxseed
great elector,Frederick William
great gray owl,great grey owl
great grey kangaroo,giant kangaroo
great grey owl,great gray owl
great gross,1728
great horned owl,Bubo virginianus
great hundred,long hundred
great indian desert,Thar Desert
great knapweed,greater knapweed
great lakes state,Michigan
great lobelia,blue cardinal flower
great maple,sycamore
great mendenhall glacier,Mendenhall Glacier
great millet,kaffir
great mother,Cybele
great mullein,common mullein
great plains of north america,Great Plains
great plains paintbrush,Castilleja sessiliflora
great power,world power
great proletarian cultural revolution,Cultural Revolution
great pyramid,Pyramid
great ragweed,Ambrosia trifida
great revolt,Peasant's Revolt
great salt desert,Dasht-e-Kavir
great sandy desert,Rub al-Khali
great saphenous vein,long saphenous vein
great skua,Catharacta skua
great snipe,woodcock snipe
great toe,big toe
great wall,Chinese Wall
great wall of china,Chinese Wall
great war,World War I
great white heron,American egret
great white hope,white hope
great white shark,white shark
great white way,Broadway
great year,Platonic year
great yellow gentian,Gentiana lutea
great yellowcress,Rorippa amphibia
greatcoat,overcoat
greater burdock,great burdock
greater butterfly orchid,Platanthera chlorantha
greater celandine,celandine
greater knapweed,great knapweed
greater kudu,Tragelaphus strepsiceros
greater london,London
greater masterwort,Astrantia major
greater new york,New York
greater omentum,gastrocolic omentum
greater pectoral muscle,pectoralis major
greater peritoneal sac,peritoneal cavity
greater pichiciego,Burmeisteria retusa
greater prairie chicken,Tympanuchus cupido
greater rhomboid muscle,rhomboideus major muscle
greater scaup,Aythya marila
greater spearwort,Ranunculus lingua
greater stitchwort,stitchwort
greater water parsnip,Sium latifolium
greater whitethroat,whitethroat
greater yellowlegs,Tringa melanoleuca
greatest common divisor,greatest common factor
greatest common factor,greatest common divisor
greatness,illustriousness
greave,jambeau
greaves,crackling
greco,El Greco
greco-roman architecture,classical architecture
greed,avarice
greediness,hoggishness
greegree,grigri
greek capital,Athens
greek chorus,chorus
greek church,Greek Orthodox Church
greek clover,fenugreek
greek drachma,drachma
greek fret,fret
greek key,fret
green-blindness,deuteranopia
green-eyed monster,jealousy
green-tailed towhee,Chlorura chlorura
green-winged teal,greenwing
green adder's mouth,Malaxis-unifolia
green alder,Alnus veridis crispa
green algae,chlorophyte
green apple aphid,apple aphid
green arrow arum,tuckahoe
green ash,Fraxinus pennsylvanica subintegerrima
green bristlegrass,green foxtail
green broom,common broom
green corn,sweet corn
green dinosaur,Bartle Frere
green douglas fir,douglas spruce
green dragon,dragon arum
green fingers,green thumb
green foxtail,green bristlegrass
green fringed orchis,ragged orchid
green frog,spring frog
green gentian,Frasera speciosa
green goddess,pot
green goods,produce
green gram,mung
green groceries,produce
green hellebore,Helleborus viridis
green lacewing,chrysopid
green lead ore,pyromorphite
green light,go-ahead
green lizard,Lacerta viridis
green market,farmer's market
green mayonnaise,sauce verte
green monkey,African green monkey
green monkey disease,Marburg disease
green mountain state,Vermont
green onion,spring onion
green pea,garden pea
green pea soup,potage St. Germain
green peafowl,Pavo muticus
green plover,lapwing
green river,Green
green smut,false smut
green smut fungus,Ustilaginoidea virens
green snake,grass snake
green soap,soft soap
green spleenwort,Asplenium viride
green thumb,green fingers
green turtle,Chelonia mydas
green turtle soup,turtle soup
green woodpecker,Picus viridis
greenback,bill
greenbelt,greenway
greenbottle,greenbottle fly
greenbottle fly,greenbottle
greenbrier,bullbrier
greenery,verdure
greengage,greengage plum
greengage plum,greengage
greenhood,helmet orchid
greenhorn,cub
greenhouse effect,greenhouse warming
greenhouse emission,greenhouse gas
greenhouse gas,greenhouse emission
greenhouse warming,greenhouse effect
greenhouse whitefly,Trialeurodes vaporariorum
greening,rejuvenation
greenish blue,aqua
greenland caribou,caribou
greenland spar,cryolite
greenland whale,bowhead
greenmarket,farmer's market
greenness,verdancy
greenockite,cadmium sulphide
greens,green
greenshank,Tringa nebularia
greensickness,chlorosis
greensward,turf
greenway,greenbelt
greenweed,woodwaxen
greenwich time,Greenwich Mean Time
greenwing,green-winged teal
greeter,saluter
greeting,salutation
greg norman,Norman
gregor mendel,Mendel
gregorian chant,plainsong
gregorian mode,ecclesiastical mode
gregorian telescope,Cassegrainian telescope
gregory goodwin pincus,Pincus
gregory i,Gregory
gregory john norman,Norman
gregory nazianzen,Gregory
gregory of nazianzen,Gregory
gregory pincus,Pincus
gregory the great,Gregory
gregory vii,Gregory
gregory xii,Gregory
gregory xiii,Gregory
gregory xvi,Gregory
gremlin,elf
grenade thrower,grenadier
grenadier,grenade thrower
gres-gris,grigri
greta garbo,Garbo
greta louisa gustafsson,Garbo
grevillea banksii,red-flowered silky oak
grevillea robusta,silky oak
grevillea striata,beefwood
grevillela parallela,silver oak
grevy's zebra,Equus grevyi
grewia asiatica,phalsa
grey-leaf pine,Torrey pine
grey alder,gray alder
grey area,gray area
grey birch,gray birch
grey catbird,catbird
grey flounder,gray flounder
grey fox,gray fox
grey friar,Franciscan
grey goldenrod,gray goldenrod
grey hen,greyhen
grey jay,Canada jay
grey kingbird,gray kingbird
grey lemming,gray lemming
grey market,gray market
grey matter,gray matter
grey mullet,mullet
grey partridge,Hungarian partridge
grey polypody,gray polypody
grey poplar,gray poplar
grey sage,silver sage
grey sea eagle,ern
grey skate,gray skate
grey snapper,gray snapper
grey sole,gray sole
grey substance,grey matter
grey whale,gray whale
grey willow,gray willow
grey wolf,timber wolf
greyback,Rebel
greybeard,old man
greyhen,grayhen
greyish brown,dun
greylag,graylag
greylag goose,greylag
greyness,gray
gri-gri,grugru
grias cauliflora,anchovy pear
grid,power system
griddlecake,drop scone
gridiron,grid
gridiron-tailed lizard,zebra-tailed lizard
grief,heartache
grievance,grudge
griever,mourner
grievous bodily harm,soap
griffin,gryphon
griffon,gryphon
griffon vulture,griffon
grifola frondosa,hen-of-the-woods
grifter,swindler
grigori aleksandrovich potemkin,Potemkin
grigori efimovich rasputin,Rasputin
grigori potemkin,Potemkin
grigori potyokin,Potemkin
grigri,gres-gris
grill,grillroom
grille,wicket
grilling,broil
grillroom,grill
grillwork,wirework
grimace,face
grime,dirt
griminess,grubbiness
grimness,ghastliness
grin,smile
grind,swot
grind organ,barrel organ
grindelia squarrosa,curlycup gumweed
grinder,bomber
grinding,abrasion
grinding wheel,emery wheel
grindle,bowfin
grinning,smile
grip,clasp
gripe,kick
gripes,colic
griping,colic
grippe,influenza
griselinia littoralis,kapuka
griselinia lucida,puka
griseofulvin,Fulvicin
grison,Grison vittatus
grison vittatus,grison
gristle,cartilage
grit,gritrock
gritrock,grit
grits,hominy grits
gritstone,grit
grivet,Cercopithecus aethiops
grizzly bear,grizzly
groan,moan
groat,fourpence
groats,fourpence
grocery,grocery store
grocery list,shopping list
grocery store,grocery
grogginess,stupor
groin,inguen
grommet,cringle
gromwell,Lithospermum officinale
gronland,Greenland
groom,bridegroom
groom-to-be,fiance
grooming,training
groove,channel
grooving,rifling
gros ventre,Hidatsa
grosbeak,grossbeak
gross anatomy,macroscopic anatomy
gross domestic product,GDP
gross margin,margin of profit
gross national product,GNP
gross profit,gross profit margin
gross profit margin,gross profit
gross revenue,gross sales
gross sales,gross revenue
gross ton,long ton
grossbeak,grosbeak
grossness,coarseness
grot,grotto
grotesqueness,grotesquery
grotesquerie,grotesqueness
grotesquery,grotesqueness
grotto,grot
grouch,grump
groucho,Marx
ground,land
ground-berry,native cranberry
ground-controlled approach,GCA
ground-effect machine,hovercraft
ground-emplaced mine,land mine
ground-service crew,ground crew
ground-shaker,seismosaur
ground almond,chufa
ground ball,grounder
ground beef,hamburger
ground beetle,carabid beetle
ground cedar,staghorn moss
ground cherry,husk tomato
ground cloth,groundsheet
ground cover,groundcover
ground crew,ground-service crew
ground fir,princess pine
ground floor,first floor
ground forces,army
ground ivy,alehoof
ground level,grade
ground noise,background noise
ground pine,Christmas green
ground pink,fringed pink
ground rattler,massasauga
ground rose,Rosa spithamaea
ground sloth,megathere
ground snake,Sonora semiannulata
ground squirrel,eastern chipmunk
ground substance,matrix
ground swell,heavy swell
ground tackle,anchor
ground water,spring water
groundball,grounder
groundberry,native cranberry
groundbreaker,pioneer
groundbreaking ceremony,groundbreaking
groundcover,ground cover
grounder,ground ball
groundfish,bottom fish
groundhog,woodchuck
grounding,foundation
groundkeeper,groundsman
groundlessness,idleness
groundnut,groundnut vine
groundnut oil,peanut oil
groundnut vine,groundnut
grounds,evidence
groundsel,Senecio vulgaris
groundsel bush,groundsel tree
groundsel tree,groundsel bush
groundsheet,ground cloth
groundskeeper,groundsman
groundsman,groundskeeper
groundwater level,water table
groundwork,basis
group,grouping
group a,A
group ab,AB
group amentiferae,Amentiferae
group b,B
group centrospermae,Centrospermae
group discussion,conference
group meeting,meeting
group o,O
group psychotherapy,group therapy
group pteridospermae,Pteridospermae
group pteridospermaphyta,Pteridospermae
group therapy,group psychotherapy
grouping,group
grouse-berry,grouseberry
grouse whortleberry,grouseberry
grouseberry,grouse-berry
grove,woodlet
groveler,apple polisher
groveller,apple polisher
grover cleveland,Cleveland
grower,agriculturist
growl,growling
growling,growl
growth,growing
growth-onset diabetes,type I diabetes
growth hormone,somatotropin
growth hormone-releasing factor,GHRF
growth rate,rate of growth
growth regulator,phytohormone
growth ring,annual ring
groyne,breakwater
groznyy,Grozny
grub,chow
grubbiness,griminess
grudge,score
gruesomeness,ghastliness
gruffness,hoarseness
grugru,gri-gri
grugru palm,grugru
grumble,rumble
grumbler,whiner
grume,blood clot
grummet,cringle
grump,grouch
grumpiness,crankiness
grundyism,primness
grunge,dirt
grunt,oink
grunter,hog
grus americana,whooping crane
gryphon,griffin
gsa,General Services Administration
gspc,Salafist Group
gsr,galvanic skin response
guacharo,oilbird
guadalupe fur seal,Arctocephalus philippi
guaiac,lignum vitae
guaiac wood,guaiacum wood
guaiacum,lignum vitae
guaiacum officinale,lignum vitae
guaiacum sanctum,bastard lignum vitae
guaiacum wood,guaiac wood
guaira,Sete Quedas
guaira falls,Sete Quedas
guama,Inga laurina
guanabana,soursop
guanabenz,Wytensin
guanaco,Lama guanicoe
guangdong province,Guangdong
guanine,G
guano bat,Mexican freetail bat
guanosine,deoxyguanosine
guar,cluster bean
guarantee,warrant
guarantor,surety
guaranty,guarantee
guard,safety
guard dog,watchdog
guard duty,guard
guard of honor,honor guard
guardian,defender
guardian angel,guardian spirit
guardian spirit,guardian angel
guardianship,care
guardrail,safety rail
guarnerius,Guarneri
guarnieri,Guarneri
guava,strawberry guava
guava bush,guava
guayule,Parthenium argentatum
gubbins,doodad
guck,sludge
gudgeon,goby
gudgeon pin,wrist pin
guelder rose,European cranberrybush
guenevere,Guinevere
guenon,guenon monkey
guenon monkey,guenon
guereza,Colobus guereza
guerilla,guerrilla
guerilla force,guerrilla force
guernsey elm,Jersey elm
guerrilla,guerilla
guerrilla force,guerilla force
guerrilla theater,street theater
guess,conjecture
guessing,guess
guesstimate,guestimate
guesswork,guess
guest,invitee
guest worker,guestworker
guestimate,guesstimate
guestworker,guest worker
guevina avellana,Chilean nut
guevina heterophylla,Chilean nut
guff,bunk
guffaw,belly laugh
guglielmo marconi,Marconi
gui,graphical user interface
guib,bushbuck
guibert of ravenna,Clement III
guidance,counsel
guidance device,guidance system
guidance system,guidance device
guide,usher
guide fossil,index fossil
guide word,guideword
guidebook,guide
guided bomb unit-28,Bunker Buster
guided missile destroyer,destroyer
guideline,road map
guidepost,guideline
guideword,guide word
guiding light,luminary
guild,club
guilder,gulden
guile,craft
guillaume apollinaire,Apollinaire
guillaume de grimoard,Urban V
guillotine,closure by compartment
guilt,guiltiness
guilt feelings,guilt
guilt trip,guilt
guiltiness,guilt
guiltlessness,blamelessness
guilty conscience,guilt
guine-bissau,Guinea-Bissau
guinea,wop
guinea-hen flower,snake's head fritillary
guinea corn,durra
guinea flower,guinea gold vine
guinea fowl,guinea
guinea gold,red brass
guinea gold vine,guinea flower
guinea grains,grains of paradise
guinea pepper,grains of paradise
guinea pig,subject
guinea worm,Guinea worm disease
guise,pretense
guiseppe fortunino francesco verdi,Verdi
guiseppe guarneri,Guarneri
guitar player,guitarist
guitarist,guitar player
gujerat,Gujarat
gujerati,Gujarati
gulch,flume
gulden,guilder
gulf,disconnect
gulf of aegina,Saronic Gulf
gulf of akaba,Gulf of Aqaba
gulf of lepanto,Gulf of Corinth
gulf of siam,Gulf of Thailand
gulf of st. lawrence,Gulf of Saint Lawrence
gulf war,Persian Gulf War
gulfweed,sargassum
gull,chump
gullet,esophagus
gullibility,credulousness
gulo gulo,glutton
gulo luscus,wolverine
gulp,draft
gulper,guzzler
gulping,gulp
gulyas,goulash
gum,chewing gum
gum acacia,gum arabic
gum accroides,acaroid resin
gum albanum,galbanum
gum ammoniac,ammoniac
gum anime,anime
gum arabic,gum acacia
gum benjamin,benzoin
gum benzoin,benzoin
gum boot,rubber boot
gum butea,butea gum
gum dammar,dammar
gum elastic,rubber
gum elemi,elemi
gum eurphorbium,euphorbium
gum kino,kino
gum labdanum,labdanum
gum myrrh,myrrh
gum olibanum,frankincense
gum plant,gumweed
gum ridge,alveolar ridge
gum sangapenum,sangapenum
gum terpentine,turpentine
gum tree,gum
gumbo,gumbo soil
gumbo-limbo,Bursera simaruba
gumbo soil,gumbo
gummed label,sticker
gumminess,cohesiveness
gumming,mumbling
gummosis,brown rot gummosis
gumption,common sense
gumshield,mouthpiece
gumshoe,dick
gumweed,gum plant
gumwood,gum
gun,artillery
gun-sight,gunsight
gun barrel,barrel
gun chamber,firing chamber
gun dog,sporting dog
gun emplacement,weapons emplacement
gun enclosure,gun turret
gun for hire,gunman
gun moll,moll
gun muzzle,muzzle
gun rest,gunwale
gun trigger,trigger
gun turret,gun enclosure
gunboat diplomacy,power politics
guncotton,cellulose nitrate
gunfight,gunplay
gunfire,gunshot
gunk,sludge
gunlock,firing mechanism
gunman,gunslinger
gunnar myrdal,Myrdal
gunnel,gunwale
gunner,artilleryman
gunny,burlap
gunny sack,gunnysack
gunnysack,gunny sack
gunplay,gunfight
gunpoint,point
gunpowder,powder
gunrunner,arms-runner
gunshot,gunfire
gunsight,gun-sight
gunslinger,gunman
gunstock,stock
gunter grass,Grass
gunter wilhelm grass,Grass
gunwale,gunnel
guomindang,Kuomintang
guppy,rainbow fish
guru nanak,Nanak
gush,flush
gusset,voider
gusset plate,gusset
gust,blast
gustation,taste
gustatory cell,taste cell
gustatory modality,taste
gustatory organ,tastebud
gustatory perception,taste
gustatory sensation,taste
gustav hertz,Hertz
gustav klimt,Klimt
gustav ludwig hertz,Hertz
gustav mahler,Mahler
gustav robert kirchhoff,Kirchhoff
gustav theodor fechner,Fechner
gustave courbet,Courbet
gustave flaubert,Flaubert
gustavus adolphus,Gustavus
gustavus franklin swift,Swift
gustavus i,Gustavus
gustavus ii,Gustavus
gustavus iii,Gustavus
gustavus iv,Gustavus
gustavus v,Gustavus
gustavus vi,Gustavus
gusto,relish
gut,intestine
gut issue,hot-button issue
gutierrezia microcephala,little-head snakeweed
gutierrezia sarothrae,rabbitweed
gutierrezia texana,broomweed
guts,backbone
gutsiness,pluck
gutta-percha tree,Palaquium gutta
gutta balata,balata
gutter,trough
guttersnipe,street urchin
guttural consonant,guttural
guy,cat
guy cable,guy
guy de maupassant,Maupassant
guy fawkes,Fawkes
guy fawkes night,Bonfire Night
guy of burgundy,Calixtus II
guy rope,guy
guy wire,guy
guzzler,gulper
guzzling,gulping
gy,gray
gym,gymnasium
gym mat,mat
gym shoe,sneaker
gymnadenia conopsea,fragrant orchid
gymnadenia odoratissima,short-spurred fragrant orchid
gymnasium,secondary school
gymnastic apparatus,exerciser
gymnastic exercise,gymnastics
gymnastic horse,horse
gymnastics,gymnastic exercise
gymnelis viridis,fish doctor
gymnocarpium dryopteris,oak fern
gymnocarpium robertianum,limestone fern
gymnocladus dioica,Kentucky coffee tree
gymnogyps californianus,California condor
gymnomycota,Myxomycota
gymnorhina tibicen,piping crow
gymnospermophyta,Gymnospermae
gymnosporangium juniperi-virginianae,apple rust
gynaecologist,gynecologist
gynaecology,gynecology
gynaeolatry,gyneolatry
gynandromorph,hermaphrodite
gynarchy,gynecocracy
gynecocracy,gynarchy
gynecologist,gynaecologist
gynecology,gynaecology
gyneolatry,gynaeolatry
gynne,Gwynn
gynura aurantiaca,velvet plant
gyp,bunco
gypaetus barbatus,bearded vulture
gyps fulvus,griffon vulture
gypsophila paniculata,baby's breath
gypsum board,plasterboard
gypsy,itinerant
gypsy dancing,flamenco
gypsy moth,gipsy moth
gypsy rose lee,Lee
gypsyweed,common speedwell
gypsywort,gipsywort
gyration,rotation
gyre,coil
gyrfalcon,gerfalcon
gyro,gyroscope
gyro horizon,artificial horizon
gyromitra brunnea,Gyromitra fastigiata
gyroplane,autogiro
gyroscope,gyro
gyrostabiliser,gyrostabilizer
gyrostabilizer,gyrostabiliser
gyrus,convolution
gyrus cinguli,cingulate gyrus
gywn,Gwynn
h,hydrogen
h-bomb,hydrogen bomb
h. g. wells,Wells
h. h. munro,Munro
h. j. eysenck,Eysenck
h. l. mencken,Mencken
h. pylori,Heliobacter pylori
h.m.s. bounty,Bounty
h.p.,horsepower
h2o,water
ha,hour angle
ha'p'orth,halfpennyworth
ha'penny,halfpenny
ha-ha,hee-haw
haart,drug cocktail
haastia pulvinaris,vegetable sheep
habacuc,Habakkuk
habeas corpus,writ of habeas corpus
habenaria albiflora,white fringed orchis
habenaria bifolia,lesser butterfly orchid
habenaria chlorantha,greater butterfly orchid
habenaria dilatata,bog rein orchid
habenaria elegans,elegant Habenaria
habenaria fimbriata,purple-fringed orchid
habenaria greenei,coastal rein orchid
habenaria hookeri,Hooker's orchid
habenaria lacera,ragged orchid
habenaria leucophaea,prairie orchid
habenaria nivea,snowy orchid
habenaria orbiculata,round-leaved rein orchid
habenaria peramoena,purple fringeless orchid
habenaria psycodes,purple-fringed orchid
habenaria unalascensis,Alaska rein orchid
haber-bosch process,Haber process
haberdasher,clothier
haberdashery,clothing store
haberdashery store,clothing store
habiliment,clothing
habit,wont
habitability,habitableness
habitableness,habitability
habitant,inhabitant
habitat,home ground
habitation,dwelling
habitual criminal,recidivist
habituation,addiction
habitue,regular
habitus,physique
hablot knight browne,Browne
hacek,wedge
hachure,hatch
hack,drudge
hack-driver,taxidriver
hack driver,taxidriver
hack saw,hacksaw
hack writer,hack
hackamore,halter
hackberry,nettle tree
hackbut,arquebus
hackee,eastern chipmunk
hacker,cyber-terrorist
hackles,dander
hackmatack,balsam poplar
hackney,hackney carriage
hackney carriage,hackney
hackney coach,hackney
hacksaw,hack saw
haddock,Melanogrammus aeglefinus
hadean aeon,Hadean
hadean eon,Hadean
hadean time,Hadean
hades,Pluto
hadj,hajj
hadji,hajji
hadrosaur,hadrosaurus
hadrosaurus,hadrosaur
haecceity,quiddity
haem,heme
haemagglutination,hemagglutination
haemal arch,hemal arch
haemangioma,hemangioma
haemanthus coccineus,Cape tulip
haematemesis,hematemesis
haematinic,hematinic
haematite,hematite
haematobia irritans,horn fly
haematocele,hematocele
haematochezia,hematochezia
haematocoele,hematocele
haematocolpometra,hematocolpometra
haematocolpos,hematocolpos
haematocrit,hematocrit
haematocytopenia,hematocytopenia
haematocyturia,hematocyturia
haematogenesis,hematopoiesis
haematohiston,globin
haematoidin,bilirubin
haematologist,hematologist
haematology,hematology
haematolysis,hemolysis
haematoma,hematoma
haematopoiesis,hematopoiesis
haematoxylon,Haematoxylum
haematoxylum campechianum,logwood
haematuria,hematuria
haemitin,heme
haemodialysis,hemodialysis
haemogenesis,hematopoiesis
haemoglobin,hemoglobin
haemoglobinemia,hemoglobinemia
haemoglobinopathy,hemoglobinopathy
haemoglobinuria,hemoglobinuria
haemolysin,hemolysin
haemolysis,hemolysis
haemolytic anaemia,hemolytic anemia
haemophile,hemophiliac
haemophilia,hemophilia
haemophilia a,hemophilia A
haemophilia b,hemophilia B
haemophiliac,hemophiliac
haemopoiesis,hematopoiesis
haemoprotein,hemoprotein
haemoptysis,hemoptysis
haemorrhage,bleeding
haemorrhagic fever,hemorrhagic fever
haemorrhagic stroke,hemorrhagic stroke
haemorrhoid,hemorrhoid
haemorrhoidectomy,hemorrhoidectomy
haemosiderin,hemosiderin
haemosiderosis,hemosiderosis
haemostasia,hemostasis
haemostasis,hemostasis
haemostat,hemostat
haemothorax,hemothorax
haemulon album,margate
haemulon aurolineatum,tomtate
haemulon macrostomum,Spanish grunt
haemulon malanurum,cottonwick
haemulon parra,sailor's-choice
hafnium,Hf
haft,helve
haftarah,Haftorah
hag,beldam
hagada,Haggadah
hagberry tree,European bird cherry
hagbut,arquebus
hagfish,hag
haggada,Haggadah
haggle,haggling
haggling,haggle
hagia sofia,Hagia Sophia
hagiographer,hagiographist
hagiographist,hagiographer
hagiolatry,hierolatry
hagiologist,hagiographer
hahnium,dubnium
haick,haik
haifa,Hefa
haik,haick
hail mary,Ave Maria
hair,hair's-breadth
hair's-breadth,hairsbreadth
hair-raiser,chiller
hair-tailed mole,brewer's mole
hair ball,hairball
hair care,haircare
hair coloring,hair dye
hair curler,curler
hair drier,hand blower
hair dryer,hand blower
hair dye,hair coloring
hair gel,mousse
hair grass,needle spike rush
hair grease,hairdressing
hair mousse,mousse
hair oil,hairdressing
hair seal,earless seal
hair style,hairdo
hair tonic,hairdressing
hairball,hair ball
haircare,hair care
haircloth,hair
hairdo,hairstyle
hairdresser,hairstylist
hairdressing,hair tonic
hairgrip,bobby pin
hairiness,pilosity
hairlessness,depilation
hairline fracture,capillary fracture
hairpiece,false hair
hairsbreadth,hair's-breadth
hairstreak,hairstreak butterfly
hairstreak butterfly,hairstreak
hairstyle,hairdo
hairstylist,hairdresser
hairtail,cutlassfish
hairy-legged vampire bat,Diphylla ecaudata
hairy darling pea,Swainsona greyana
hairy finger grass,large crabgrass
hairy golden aster,prairie golden aster
hairy honeysuckle,Lonicera hirsuta
hairy lip fern,wooly lip fern
hairy spurge,Euphorbia hirsuta
hairy tare,hairy vetch
hairy tongue,furry tongue
hairy vetch,hairy tare
hairy willowherb,codlins-and-cream
hairy wood mint,Blephilia hirsuta
haitian capital,Port-au-Prince
haj,hajj
haji,hajji
hajj,haj
hajji,hadji
hakea laurina,cushion flower
hakea leucoptera,needlewood
hakea lissosperma,needlebush
hakeem,hakim
hakenkreuz,swastika
hakim,hakeem
hakka dialect,Hakka
halacha,Halakah
halaka,Halakah
halcion,triazolam
haldea striatula,eastern ground snake
haldol,haloperidol
haleness,wholeness
haler,heller
halesia carolina,silver-bell tree
halesia tetraptera,silver-bell tree
half-brother,stepbrother
half-free morel,Morchella semilibera
half-hour,30 minutes
half-life,half life
half-mast,half-staff
half-moon,lunula
half-pint,runt
half-relief,mezzo-relievo
half-sister,half sister
half-slip,petticoat
half-staff,half-mast
half-wit,idiot
half a dozen,six
half boot,buskin
half brother,stepbrother
half dollar,fifty-cent piece
half door,Dutch door
half life,half-life
half mask,domino
half mile,880 yards
half note,minim
half sister,half-sister
half snipe,jacksnipe
half step,semitone
half title,bastard title
halfpenny,ha'penny
halfpennyworth,ha'p'orth
halftone,halftone engraving
halftone engraving,halftone
haliaeetus leucocephalus,bald eagle
haliaeetus leucorhyphus,fishing eagle
haliaeetus pelagicus,Kamchatkan sea eagle
haliatus albicilla,ern
halibut,holibut
halicoeres bivittatus,slippery dick
halicoeres radiatus,puddingwife
halimodendron argenteum,salt tree
halimodendron halodendron,salt tree
haliotis tuberculata,ormer
halite,rock salt
halitus,exhalation
hall,hallway
hall porter,doorkeeper
hallah,challah
halle-an-der-saale,Halle
halliard,halyard
hallmark,trademark
hallowe'en,Halloween
hallowmas,All Saints' Day
hallowmass,All Saints' Day
hallucination,delusion
hallucinogen,hallucinogenic drug
hallucinogenic drug,hallucinogen
hallux,big toe
hallway,hall
halm,haulm
halo,aura
halo blight,halo spot
halo spot,halo blight
haloalkane,alkyl halide
halobacter,halobacteria
halobacteria,halobacterium
halobacterium,halobacteria
halocarpus bidwilli,tarwood
halogeton,Halogeton glomeratus
halogeton glomeratus,halogeton
halogeton souda,barilla
haloperidol,Haldol
halophil,halophile
halophile,halophil
haloragaceae,Haloragidaceae
halter,hackamore
haltere,halter
halyard,halliard
ham,jambon
ham actor,ham
hamadryad,king cobra
hamamelis vernalis,vernal witch hazel
hamamelis virginiana,Virginian witch hazel
hamartia,tragic flaw
hamate,hamate bone
hamate bone,hamate
hamburger,beefburger
hamburger bun,hamburger roll
hamburger roll,hamburger bun
hamburger steak,chopped steak
hamelia erecta,scarlet bush
hamelia patens,scarlet bush
hamelin,Hameln
hamitic language,Hamitic
hamito-semitic,Afroasiatic
hamlet,crossroads
hammer,cock
hammer nose,rhinophyma
hammerhead,dunce
hammerhead shark,hammerhead
hammering,hammer
hamming,overacting
hammock,knoll
hammond organ,electric organ
hammurapi,Hammurabi
hamper,shackle
hampshire down,Hampshire
hamstring,hamstring tendon
hamstring tendon,hamstring
han-gook,Korea
han dynasty,Han
hand,manus
hand-held computer,hand-held microcomputer
hand-held microcomputer,hand-held computer
hand-to-hand struggle,wrestle
hand ax,hand axe
hand axe,hand ax
hand blower,blow dryer
hand brake,emergency
hand calculator,pocket calculator
hand clapping,applause
hand drill,handheld drill
hand fern,Doryopteris pedata
hand glass,hand mirror
hand job,jacking off
hand line,handline
hand mirror,hand glass
hand organ,barrel organ
hand puppet,glove puppet
hand saw,handsaw
hand towel,face towel
hand truck,truck
hand wear,handwear
handbag,bag
handbasin,washbasin
handbasket,basket
handbill,circular
handbook,enchiridion
handbreadth,handsbreadth
handcart,pushcart
handclasp,handshake
handcraft,handicraft
handcuff,cuff
handedness,laterality
handful,smattering
handgrip,handle
handgun,pistol
handheld drill,hand drill
handicap,disability
handicapper,odds-maker
handicraft,handcraft
handiness,accessibility
handing over,passage
handiwork,handicraft
handkerchief,hankie
handle,grip
handle-bars,mustachio
handler,animal trainer
handline,hand line
handling,manipulation
handling charge,handling cost
handling cost,handling charge
handlock,handcuff
handmaid,handmaiden
handmaiden,handmaid
handout,press release
handrail,bannister
hands,custody
handsaw,hand saw
handsbreadth,handbreadth
handset,French telephone
handshake,shake
handshaking,handshake
handsomeness,good looks
handstamp,rubber stamp
handwear,hand wear
handwork,handicraft
handwriting,hand
handwriting expert,graphologist
handyman,jack of all trades
hang,bent
hang-up,hitch
hangar,airdock
hangbird,Baltimore oriole
hangchow,Hangzhou
hanger-on,tagalong
hanging,wall hanging
hanging geranium,ivy geranium
hangman's halter,hangman's rope
hangman's rope,hangman's halter
hangnail,agnail
hangout,haunt
hangover,katzenjammer
hank aaron,Aaron
hank williams,Williams
hankering,yen
hankey,handkerchief
hankie,handkerchief
hanky,handkerchief
hanky panky,trickery
hannah arendt,Arendt
hannukah,Hanukkah
hanover,Hannover
hanoverian line,Hanover
hans adolf krebs,Krebs
hans albrecht bethe,Bethe
hans arp,Arp
hans bethe,Bethe
hans c. j. gram,Gram
hans christian andersen,Andersen
hans christian oersted,Oersted
hans conrad julius reiter,Reiter
hans eysenck,Eysenck
hans fischer,Fischer
hans geiger,Geiger
hans holbein,Holbein
hans jurgen eysenck,Eysenck
hans zinsser,Zinsser
hansen's disease,leprosy
hansom,hansom cab
hansom cab,hansom
hanukah,Hanukkah
haoma,soma
hapax legomenon,nonce word
haphazardness,randomness
haphtarah,Haftorah
haphtorah,Haftorah
haplopappus acaulis,stemless golden weed
haplopappus phyllocephalus,camphor daisy
haplopappus spinulosus,yellow spiny daisy
happening,occurrence
happenstance,coincidence
happiness,felicity
happy chance,break
happy event,blessed event
hapsburg,Habsburg
haptic sensation,cutaneous sensation
hara-kiri,harakiri
harakat al-jihad al-islami al-filastini,Palestine Islamic Jihad
harakat ul-jihad-i-islami,Harkat-ul-Jihad-e-Islami
harakiri,hara-kiri
harangue,rant
harasser,harrier
harassment,torment
harbinger,forerunner
harbor,seaport
harbor porpoise,herring hog
harbor seal,common seal
harborage,harbourage
harbour,seaport
harbourage,harborage
hard-boiled egg,hard-cooked egg
hard-cooked egg,hard-boiled egg
hard-on,erection
hard-shell clam,quahaug
hard-skinned puffball,earthball
hard beech,Nothofagus truncata
hard cash,cash
hard clam,quahog
hard coal,anthracite
hard currency,cash
hard disc,hard disk
hard disk,hard disc
hard drink,liquor
hard drive,disk drive
hard hat,construction worker
hard knocks,adversity
hard lead,antimonial lead
hard liquor,liquor
hard roe,roe
hard roll,Vienna roll
hard rubber,vulcanite
hard rush,Juncus inflexus
hard tick,ixodid
hard time,rough sledding
hard times,hard time
hard wheat,durum
hard worker,slave
hardboard,chipboard
hardenbergia comnptoniana,Western Australia coral pea
hardening,solidifying
hardening of the arteries,arteriosclerosis
hardheads,lesser knapweed
hardheartedness,heartlessness
hardihood,boldness
hardiness,robustness
harding grass,hardinggrass
hardinggrass,Harding grass
hardness,unfeelingness
hardpan,caliche
hardship,adversity
hardstem bulrush,hardstemmed bulrush
hardstemmed bulrush,hardstem bulrush
hardtack,pilot biscuit
hardware,ironware
hardware store,ironmonger
hardwareman,ironmonger
hare,rabbit
hare's-foot bristle fern,Trichomanes boschianum
hare and hounds,paper chase
hare wallaby,kangaroo hare
harebell,wild hyacinth
hareem,harem
harefoot,Harold I
harelip,cleft lip
harem,hareem
haricot,flageolet
haricot vert,haricots verts
haricots verts,haricot vert
harijan,untouchable
harikari,harakiri
harkat ul-ansar,Harkat-ul-Mujahidin
harkat ul-mujahedeen,Harkat-ul-Mujahidin
harlan f. stone,Stone
harlan fisk stone,Stone
harlan fiske stone,Stone
harlan stone,Stone
harlean carpenter,Harlow
harlequin-snake,coral snake
harlequinade,buffoonery
harley granville-barker,Granville-Barker
harlot,prostitute
harlotry,prostitution
harlow shapley,Shapley
harm,injury
harmfulness,injuriousness
harmonic analysis,Fourier analysis
harmonic law,Kepler's third law
harmonica,mouth organ
harmonics,harmonic
harmoniousness,consonance
harmonisation,harmonization
harmoniser,harmonizer
harmonium,organ
harmonization,harmonisation
harmonizer,harmoniser
harmony,harmoniousness
harness race,harness racing
harness racing,harness race
harold clayton lloyd,Lloyd
harold clayton urey,Urey
harold harefoot,Harold I
harold hart crane,Crane
harold hirschsprung,Hirschsprung
harold kroto,Kroto
harold lloyd,Lloyd
harold nicolson,Nicolson
harold pinter,Pinter
harold urey,Urey
harold w. kroto,Kroto
harp,harmonica
harp seal,Pagophilus groenlandicus
harper,harpist
harper's ferry,Harpers Ferry
harpia harpyja,harpy
harpist,harper
harpo,Marx
harpooneer,harpooner
harpooner,harpooneer
harpsichord,cembalo
harpulla,Harpullia cupanioides
harpullia cupanioides,harpulla
harpullia pendula,Moreton Bay tulipwood
harpy,vixen
harpy bat,harpy
harpy eagle,harpy
harquebus,arquebus
harrier,harasser
harrier eagle,short-toed eagle
harriet beecher stowe,Stowe
harriet elizabeth beecher stowe,Stowe
harriet tubman,Tubman
harriet wilson,Wilson
harry bridges,Bridges
harry f. klinefelter,Klinefelter
harry fitch kleinfelter,Klinefelter
harry hotspur,Percy
harry houdini,Houdini
harry lauder,Lauder
harry lillis crosby,Crosby
harry s truman,Truman
harry sinclair lewis,Lewis
harry stack sullivan,Sullivan
harry truman,Truman
harshness,abrasiveness
hart's-tongue,hart's-tongue fern
hart's-tongue fern,hart's-tongue
hart crane,Crane
hartford fern,creeping fern
harvard,Harvard University
harvery williams cushing,Cushing
harvest,crop
harvest-lice,Agrimonia eupatoria
harvest fly,dog-day cicada
harvest home,harvest
harvest mite,chigger
harvest mouse,American harvest mouse
harvest time,harvest
harvester,reaper
harvestfish,Paprilus alepidotus
harvesting,harvest
harvestman,daddy longlegs
harvey cushing,Cushing
has-been,back-number
haschisch,hashish
hash,hashish
hash mark,service stripe
hasheesh,hashish
hashemite kingdom of jordan,Jordan
hashish,hasheesh
hashmark,service stripe
hasidism,Hasidim
hassid,Hasid
hassidim,Hasidim
hassidism,Hasidism
hassium,Hs
hassle,fuss
hassock,ottoman
haste,hastiness
hastiness,haste
hasty defence,hasty defense
hasty defense,hasty defence
hat,chapeau
hat shop,millinery
hatch,hatching
hatchback,hatchback door
hatchback door,hatchback
hatcheck girl,check girl
hatchel,heckle
hatchet,tomahawk
hatchet job,defamation
hatchet man,iceman
hatching,hatch
hatchway,opening
hate,hatred
hatefulness,obnoxiousness
hatful,batch
hatiora gaertneri,Easter cactus
hatmaker,hatter
hatrack,coatrack
hatred,hate
hatter,hatmaker
hauberk,byrnie
haughtiness,arrogance
haul,draw
haulage,draw
hauler,haulier
haulier,hauler
hauling,trucking
haulm,halm
haunt,hangout
hausen,beluga
haussa,Hausa
hautbois,oboe
hautboy,oboe
haute couture,high fashion
hauteur,arrogance
have,rich person
have-not,poor person
haven,oasis
haversack,backpack
havoc,mayhem
haw,hawthorn
haw-haw,hee-haw
hawai'i,Hawaii
hawaii island,Hawaii
hawaii standard time,Hawaii Time
hawaiian capital,Honolulu
hawaiian dancing,hula
hawaiian honeycreeper,honeycreeper
hawfinch,Coccothraustes coccothraustes
hawk,war hawk
hawk's-beard,hawk's-beards
hawk's-beards,hawk's-beard
hawk moth,hawkmoth
hawk owl,Surnia ulula
hawkbill,hawksbill turtle
hawker,peddler
hawkeye state,Iowa
hawkmoth,hawk moth
hawksbill,hawksbill turtle
hawksbill turtle,hawksbill
hawkshaw,dick
hawkyns,Hawkins
hawse,hawsehole
hawsehole,hawse
hawsepipe,hawse
hawthorn,haw
hay-scented,hay-scented fern
hay-scented fern,hay-scented
hay bacillus,Bacillus subtilis
hay conditioner,haymaker
hay fever,pollinosis
hayastan,Armenia
hayfield,meadow
haying,haying time
haying time,haying
hayloft,haymow
haym salomon,Salomon
haymaker,hay conditioner
haymow,hayloft
hayrack,hayrig
hayrick,haystack
hayrig,hayrack
hayseed,yokel
haystack,hayrick
hayti,Hispaniola
hazan,cantor
hazard,jeopardy
hazardia cana,hoary golden bush
hazardousness,perilousness
haze,daze
hazel alder,smooth alder
hazel mouse,Muscardinus avellanarius
hazel tree,hazel
hazelnut,hazel
hazelnut tree,hazelnut
hazelwood,sweet gum
haziness,mistiness
hb,hemoglobin
hcfc,hydrochlorofluorocarbon
hcg,human chorionic gonadotropin
hdl,high-density lipoprotein
hdtv,high-definition television
he,helium
he-goat,billy
he-huckleberry,maleberry
he-man,stud
head,caput
head-shrinker,psychiatrist
head ache,headache
head cabbage,head cabbage plant
head cabbage plant,head cabbage
head count,headcount
head covering,veil
head game,delusion
head gate,sluicegate
head honcho,big shot
head lettuce,Lactuca sativa capitata
head lice,pediculosis capitis
head louse,Pediculus capitis
head of hair,mane
head of state,chief of state
head register,head voice
head restraint,headrest
head rhyme,alliteration
head smut,Sphacelotheca reiliana
head start,start
head teacher,principal
head tone,head register
head trip,trip
head voice,head register
head word,headword
headache,concern
headache powder,aspirin powder
headcount,head count
headcounter,pollster
headdress,headgear
header,heading
headfish,ocean sunfish
headgear,headdress
headhunter,head-shrinker
heading,header
headlamp,headlight
headland,promontory
headlight,headlamp
headline,newspaper headline
headliner,star
headman,headsman
headmaster,schoolmaster
headphone,earphone
headpiece,headstall
headpin,kingpin
headquarters,central office
headrest,head restraint
headroom,headway
headshake,headshaking
headshaking,headshake
headsman,headman
headspring,fountainhead
headstall,headpiece
headstone,keystone
headwaiter,captain
headway,headroom
headword,head word
heal all,self-heal
healer,therapist
healing herb,comfrey
health,wellness
health and human services,Department of Health and Human Services
health care,healthcare
health care delivery,healthcare delivery
health care provider,health professional
health check,checkup
health club,health spa
health code,sanitary code
health facility,medical building
health maintenance organization,HMO
health problem,ill health
health professional,primary care provider
health spa,spa
healthcare,health care
healthcare delivery,health care delivery
healthcare facility,medical building
healthiness,good health
heap,pile
hearer,listener
hearing aid,deaf-aid
hearing disorder,hearing impairment
hearing examiner,hearing officer
hearing impairment,hearing disorder
hearing loss,deafness
hearing officer,hearing examiner
heart,bosom
heart-leaf,heartleaf
heart-leaved aster,Aster cordifolius
heart block,Adams-Stokes syndrome
heart cherry,oxheart
heart disease,cardiopathy
heart failure,coronary failure
heart line,line of heart
heart massage,cardiac massage
heart monitor,cardiac monitor
heart murmur,cardiac murmur
heart muscle,cardiac muscle
heart of dixie,Alabama
heart pea,balloon vine
heart rate,pulse
heart rhythm,cardiac rhythm
heart specialist,cardiologist
heart surgeon,cardiologist
heart valve,cardiac valve
heart ventricle,ventricle
heartache,grief
heartbeat,pulse
heartbreak,grief
heartburn,pyrosis
hearth,fireplace
hearth money,Peter's pence
heartiness,vigor
heartleaf,heart-leaf
heartleaf arnica,Arnica cordifolia
heartleaf manzanita,Arctostaphylos andersonii
heartlessness,coldheartedness
hearts,Black Maria
heartsease,wild pansy
heartseed,Cardiospermum grandiflorum
heartsickness,despondency
heartwood,duramen
heat,heat energy
heat barrier,thermal barrier
heat content,total heat
heat energy,heat
heat exhaustion,heat prostration
heat hyperpyrexia,heatstroke
heat lamp,infrared lamp
heat of transformation,latent heat
heat of vaporisation,heat of vaporization
heat of vaporization,heat of vaporisation
heat prostration,heat exhaustion
heat rash,prickly heat
heat unit,work unit
heater,warmer
heath,heathland
heath aster,Aster ericoides
heath family,Ericaceae
heath hen,Tympanuchus cupido cupido
heath pea,earth-nut pea
heath violet,dog violet
heathenism,paganism
heather,ling
heather bell,bell heather
heather mixture,heather
heathfowl,European black grouse
heathland,heath
heating,warming
heating oil,fuel oil
heating pad,hot pad
heating plant,heating system
heating system,heating plant
heatstroke,heat hyperpyrexia
heave,heaving
heaven,Eden
heavenly body,celestial body
heavenly city,Celestial City
heavenly jewel,Tien-pao
heavens,celestial sphere
heaves,broken wind
heaviness,weightiness
heaving,heave
heavy hydrogen,deuterium
heavy metal,heavy metal music
heavy metal music,heavy metal
heavy particle,baryon
heavy spar,barite
heavy swell,ground swell
heavy water,deuterium oxide
heavy weapon,artillery
heavy whipping cream,double creme
heavyweight,giant
hebdomad,week
hebei province,Hebei
hebephrenia,hebephrenic schizophrenia
hebephrenic schizophrenia,hebephrenia
hebraic alphabet,Hebrew alphabet
hebraism,Judaism
hebrew calendar,Jewish calendar
hebrew script,Hebrew alphabet
hebrew scripture,Tanakh
hebridean islands,Hebrides
hebridean isles,Hebrides
heckelphone,basset oboe
heckle,hatchel
heckler,badgerer
heckling,barracking
hectogram,hg
hectograph,heliotype
hectoliter,hectolitre
hectolitre,hectoliter
hectometer,hectometre
hectometre,hectometer
hector berlioz,Berlioz
hector hevodidbon,Sanchez
hector hugh munro,Munro
hedeoma oil,pennyroyal oil
hedeoma pulegioides,pennyroyal
hedera helix,ivy
hedge,hedgerow
hedge bindweed,wild morning-glory
hedge fund,hedgefund
hedge garlic,garlic mustard
hedge maple,field maple
hedge mustard,Sisymbrium officinale
hedge nettle,Stachys palustris
hedge pink,soapwort
hedge sparrow,sparrow
hedge thorn,natal plum
hedge violet,wood violet
hedgefund,hedge fund
hedgehog,porcupine
hedger,equivocator
hedgerow,hedge
hedging,hedge
hediondilla,creosote bush
hedjaz,Hejaz
hedonist,pagan
hedysarum boreale,sweet vetch
hedysarum coronarium,French honeysuckle
hee-haw,horselaugh
heebie-jeebies,jitters
heed,attentiveness
heedfulness,mindfulness
heedlessness,inattentiveness
heel,cad
heel counter,counter
heelbone,calcaneus
heft,heftiness
heftiness,brawn
height,tallness
heights,high
heilong,Amur
heilong jiang,Amur
heimdal,Heimdall
heimdallr,Heimdall
heimlich manoeuvere,Heimlich maneuver
heinousness,atrocity
heinrich boell,Boell
heinrich engelhard steinway,Steinway
heinrich hertz,Hertz
heinrich himmler,Himmler
heinrich rudolph hertz,Hertz
heinrich schliemann,Schliemann
heinrich theodor boell,Boell
heinrich von kleist,Kleist
heir,inheritor
heiress,inheritress
heist,rip-off
heitor villa-lobos,Villa-Lobos
hejira,Hegira
hela,Hel
helen adams keller,Keller
helen hayes,Hayes
helen hunt jackson,Jackson
helen keller,Keller
helen laura sumner woodbury,Woodbury
helen maria fiske hunt jackson,Jackson
helen newington wills,Moody
helen of troy,Helen
helen porter mitchell,Melba
helen traubel,Traubel
helen wills,Moody
helen wills moody,Moody
helenium autumnale,autumn sneezeweed
helenium hoopesii,orange sneezeweed
helenium puberulum,rosilla
heleodytes,Campylorhynchus
helianthemum,sunrose
helianthemum canadense,frostweed
helianthemum scoparium,rush rose
helianthus,sunflower
helianthus angustifolius,swamp sunflower
helianthus annuus,common sunflower
helianthus giganteus,giant sunflower
helianthus laetiflorus,showy sunflower
helianthus maximilianii,Maximilian's sunflower
helianthus petiolaris,prairie sunflower
helianthus tuberosus,Jerusalem artichoke
helichrysum bracteatum,strawflower
helichrysum secundiflorum,cascade everlasting
helicon,bombardon
helicopter,chopper
helicteres isora,nut-leaved screw tree
heliocentric parallax,annual parallax
heliogravure,gravure
heliolatry,sun-worship
heliopsis,oxeye
heliotherapy,insolation
heliothis moth,Heliothis zia
heliothis zia,corn earworm
heliotrope,bloodstone
heliotype,hectograph
helipterum manglesii,Swan River everlasting
helium,He
helix,spiral
helix aspersa,brown snail
helix pomatia,edible snail
hell,hell on earth
hell's half acre,Hell's Kitchen
hell-kite,hell-rooster
hell-rooster,hell-kite
hell dust,big H
hell on earth,hell
hell raising,raising hell
helladic civilisation,Helladic civilization
helladic culture,Helladic civilization
hellbender,mud puppy
hellcat,vixen
hellebore,false hellebore
helleborine,rattlesnake plantain
helleborus foetidus,stinking hellebore
helleborus niger,Christmas rose
helleborus orientalis,lenten rose
helleborus viridis,green hellebore
hellene,Greek
hellenic language,Greek
hellenic republic,Greece
heller,haler
helleri,swordtail
hellespont,Dardanelles
hellfire,red region
hellgrammiate,dobson
hellhole,hell
hellhound,Cerberus
hellion,heller
hello,hullo
helmet flower,monkshood
helmet orchid,greenhood
helmetflower,skullcap
helminth,parasitic worm
helminthostachys zeylanica,flowering fern
helmsman,steersman
helmut heinrich waldemar schmidt,Schmidt
helmut schmidt,Schmidt
heloderma horridum,beaded lizard
heloderma suspectum,Gila monster
helot,serf
help,aid
help desk,helpdesk
helpdesk,help desk
helper,assistant
helper cell,helper T cell
helpfulness,kindliness
helping,portion
helping hand,hand
helplessness,weakness
helpmate,helpmeet
helpmeet,helpmate
helsingfors,Helsinki
helve,haft
helvetica,sans serif
helxine soleirolia,baby's tears
hem,ahem
hemachatus haemachatus,ringhals
hemagglutination,haemagglutination
hemal arch,haemal arch
hemangioma,haemangioma
hemangioma simplex,strawberry
hematemesis,haematemesis
hematin,heme
hematinic,haematinic
hematite,haematite
hematocele,haematocele
hematochezia,haematochezia
hematocoele,hematocele
hematocolpometra,haematocolpometra
hematocolpos,haematocolpos
hematocrit,haematocrit
hematocyst,hemorrhagic cyst
hematocytopenia,haematocytopenia
hematocyturia,haematocyturia
hematogenesis,hematopoiesis
hematohiston,globin
hematoidin,bilirubin
hematologist,haematologist
hematology,haematology
hematolysis,hemolysis
hematoma,haematoma
hematopoiesis,haematopoiesis
hematuria,haematuria
heme,haem
hemeralopia,day blindness
hemerobiid,brown lacewing
hemerobiid fly,brown lacewing
hemerocallis flava,lemon lily
hemerocallis lilio-asphodelus,lemon lily
hemianopia,hemianopsia
hemianopsia,hemianopia
hemicrania,migraine
hemicycle,semicircle
hemidemisemiquaver,sixty-fourth note
hemiepiphyte,semiepiphyte
hemigalus hardwickii,banded palm civet
hemimetabola,Exopterygota
hemimetabolism,hemimetamorphosis
hemimetaboly,hemimetamorphosis
hemimetamorphosis,hemimetabolism
hemimorphite,calamine
hemin,protohemin
hemiparasite,semiparasite
hemiplegia,unilateral paralysis
hemipode,button quail
hemipteran,hemipterous insect
hemipteron,hemipterous insect
hemipteronatus novacula,pearly razorfish
hemipterous insect,bug
hemisphere,cerebral hemisphere
hemitripterus americanus,sea raven
hemizygos vein,hemizygous vein
hemizygous vein,hemizygos vein
hemlock,poison hemlock
hemlock tree,hemlock
hemlock water dropwort,water dropwort
hemminge,Heming
hemochromatosis,iron-storage disease
hemodialysis,haemodialysis
hemodialyzer,artificial kidney
hemofil,antihemophilic factor
hemogenesis,hematopoiesis
hemoglobin,haemoglobin
hemoglobinemia,haemoglobinemia
hemoglobinopathy,haemoglobinopathy
hemoglobinuria,haemoglobinuria
hemolysin,haemolysin
hemolysis,haemolysis
hemolytic anemia,haemolytic anaemia
hemophile,hemophiliac
hemophilia,haemophilia
hemophiliac,haemophiliac
hemopoiesis,hematopoiesis
hemoprotein,haemoprotein
hemoptysis,haemoptysis
hemorrhage,bleeding
hemorrhagic cyst,blood cyst
hemorrhagic fever,haemorrhagic fever
hemorrhagic septicemia,pasteurellosis
hemorrhagic stroke,haemorrhagic stroke
hemorrhoid,haemorrhoid
hemorrhoidal vein,rectal vein
hemorrhoidectomy,haemorrhoidectomy
hemosiderin,haemosiderin
hemosiderosis,haemosiderosis
hemostasia,hemostasis
hemostasis,haemostasis
hemostat,haemostat
hemothorax,haemothorax
hemp,cannabis
hemp agrimony,Eupatorium cannabinum
hemp family,Cannabidaceae
hemp nettle,dead nettle
hemp willow,common osier
hempen necktie,hangman's rope
hemstitch,hemstitching
hemstitching,hemstitch
hen,biddy
hen-of-the-woods,hen of the woods
hen harrier,marsh hawk
hen hawk,chicken hawk
hen of the woods,hen-of-the-woods
hen yard,chicken yard
henbane,black henbane
henbit,Lamium amplexicaule
henchman,confederate
hencoop,chicken coop
hendrik antoon lorentz,Lorentz
hendrik frensch verwoerd,Verwoerd
hendrik petrus berlage,Berlage
hendrik verwoerd,Verwoerd
henhouse,chicken coop
henri becquerel,Becquerel
henri bergson,Bergson
henri clemens van de velde,van de Velde
henri emile benoit matisse,Matisse
henri labrouste,Labrouste
henri louis bergson,Bergson
henri matisse,Matisse
henri pitot,Pitot
henri rene albert guy de maupassant,Maupassant
henri rousseau,Rousseau
henri toulouse-lautrec,Toulouse-Lautrec
henri van de velde,van de Velde
henriette rosine bernard,Bernhardt
henrik ibsen,Ibsen
henrik johan ibsen,Ibsen
henry,H
henry alfred kissinger,Kissinger
henry beauclerc,Henry I
henry bolingbroke,Henry IV
henry cavendish,Cavendish
henry clay,Clay
henry clay frick,Frick
henry david thoreau,Thoreau
henry engelhard steinway,Steinway
henry fielding,Fielding
henry fonda,Fonda
henry ford,Ford
henry ford ii,Ford
henry graham greene,Greene
henry hobson richardson,Richardson
henry hubert turner,Turner
henry hudson,Hudson
henry james,James
henry john heinz,Heinz
henry kenneth alfred russell,Russell
henry kissinger,Kissinger
henry laurens,Laurens
henry le chatelier,le Chatelier
henry lee,Lee
henry louis aaron,Aaron
henry louis gehrig,Gehrig
henry louis mencken,Mencken
henry luce,Luce
henry m. robert,Robert
henry m. stanley,Stanley
henry martyn robert,Robert
henry miller,Miller
henry moore,Moore
henry morgan,Morgan
henry norris russell,Russell
henry of navarre,Henry IV
henry oscar houghton,Houghton
henry purcell,Purcell
henry robinson luce,Luce
henry rowe schoolcraft,Schoolcraft
henry russell,Russell
henry spencer moore,Moore
henry steinway,Steinway
henry sweet,Sweet
henry the great,Henry IV
henry tudor,Henry VII
henry valentine miller,Miller
henry villard,Villard
henry wadsworth longfellow,Longfellow
henry ward beecher,Beecher
henry watson fowler,Fowler
henry wheeler shaw,Shaw
heparin,Lipo-Hepin
hepatic artery,arteria hepatica
hepatic portal vein,portal vein
hepatic tanager,Piranga flava hepatica
hepatic vein,vena hepatica
hepatica,liverleaf
hepaticae,Hepaticopsida
hepatitis delta,delta hepatitis
hepatocarcinoma,hepatoma
hepatocellular carcinoma,hepatoma
hepatoflavin,vitamin B2
hepatolenticular degeneration,Wilson's disease
hepatoma,malignant hepatoma
hepatomegaly,megalohepatia
hephaistos,Hephaestus
heptad,seven
heptadecanoic acid,margaric acid
heracles,Hercules
heracleum sphondylium,cow parsnip
herakles,Hercules
herald,trumpeter
heraldic bearing,charge
herb,herbaceous plant
herb bennet,cloveroot
herb christopher,baneberry
herb doctor,herbalist
herb mercury,herbs mercury
herb of grace,rue
herb robert,herbs robert
herb roberts,herb robert
herb simon,Simon
herb tea,herbal tea
herba impia,Filago germanica
herbaceous plant,herb
herbage,pasturage
herbal tea,herb tea
herbal therapy,phytotherapy
herbalist,herb doctor
herbert a. simon,Simon
herbert alexander simon,Simon
herbert blythe,Barrymore
herbert clark hoover,Hoover
herbert george wells,Wells
herbert hoover,Hoover
herbert kitchener,Kitchener
herbert marcuse,Marcuse
herbert marshall mcluhan,McLuhan
herbert marx,Marx
herbert mclean evans,Evans
herbert spencer,Spencer
herbicide,weedkiller
herbs mercury,herb mercury
herbs robert,herb robert
hercules'-clubs,Hercules'-club
hercules-club,Hercules'-club
herculius,Maximian
herd,ruck
herd's grass,timothy
herdsman,herder
here and now,present moment
herediatry spinal ataxia,Friedreich's ataxia
hereditary condition,genetic disease
hereditary disease,genetic disease
hereditary motor and sensory neuropathy,Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
hereditary pattern,inheritance
heredity,genetic endowment
heresy,unorthodoxy
heretic,misbeliever
heritage,inheritance
heritiera littoralis,looking-glass plant
heritiera macrophylla,looking glass tree
heritiera trifoliolata,red beech
heritor,heir
herman hollerith,Hollerith
herman melville,Melville
herman northrop frye,Frye
herman wouk,Wouk
hermann,Arminius
hermann goering,Goring
hermann goring,Goring
hermann hesse,Hesse
hermann joseph muller,Muller
hermann ludwig ferdinand von helmholtz,Helmholtz
hermann maurice saxe,Saxe
hermann minkowski,Minkowski
hermann snellen,Snellen
hermann von helmholtz,Helmholtz
hermann wilhelm goring,Goring
hermannia verticillata,honey bell
hermaphrodism,hermaphroditism
hermaphrodite brig,brigantine
hermaphroditism,hermaphrodism
hermit,anchorite
hermit thrush,Hylocichla guttata
hernan cortes,Cortes
hernan cortez,Cortes
hernando cortes,Cortes
hernando cortez,Cortes
hernaria glabra,rupturewort
hernia,herniation
herniated disc,ruptured intervertebral disc
herniation,hernia
hero,champion
hero of alexandria,Hero
hero sandwich,bomber
hero worshiper,hero worshipper
hero worshipper,hero worshiper
herod the great,Herod
heroic meter,heroic verse
heroic poem,epic poem
heroic poetry,epic poetry
heroic tale,adventure story
heroic verse,heroic meter
heroica puebla de zaragoza,Puebla
heroics,heroic verse
heroin,diacetylmorphine
heroism,gallantry
heron,Hero
heron's bill,storksbill
herpes,herpes virus
herpes encephalitis,herpes simplex encephalitis
herpes genitalis,genital herpes
herpes labialis,oral herpes
herpes simplex,herpes simplex virus
herpes simplex 1,HS1
herpes simplex 2,HS2
herpes simplex encephalitis,herpes encephalitis
herpes simplex virus,herpes simplex
herpes varicella zoster,herpes varicella zoster virus
herpes varicella zoster virus,herpes varicella zoster
herpes virus,herpes
herpes zoster,zoster
herpes zoster virus,herpes zoster
herpestes ichneumon,ichneumon
herpestes nyula,Indian mongoose
herrenvolk,master race
herrerasaur,herrerasaurus
herrerasaurus,herrerasaur
herring,Clupea harangus
herring gull,Larus argentatus
herring hog,harbor porpoise
herringbone,herringbone pattern
herringbone pattern,herringbone
hertha,Nerthus
hertz,Hz
hesitance,hesitancy
hesitancy,hesitance
hesitater,waverer
hesitation,vacillation
hesitator,waverer
hesperiphona vespertina,evening grosbeak
hesperis matronalis,damask violet
hesperus,evening star
hessian,Hessian boot
hessonite,cinnamon stone
heteranthera dubia,water star grass
heterocycle,heterocyclic compound
heterocyclic compound,heterocyclic
heterocyclic ring,heterocycle
heterodoxy,unorthodoxy
heterodyne oscillator,local oscillator
heterodyne receiver,superheterodyne receiver
heterogeneity,heterogeneousness
heterogeneousness,heterogeneity
heterogenesis,alternation of generations
heterograft,xenograft
heterokontae,Chrysophyceae
heteromeles arbutifolia,toyon
heterometabolism,heterometaboly
heterometaboly,heterometabolism
heterophil antibody,heterophile antibody
heterophile antibody,heterophil antibody
heteroscelus incanus,Polynesian tattler
heterosexual person,heterosexual
heterosexualism,heterosexuality
heterosexuality,heterosexualism
heterosis,hybrid vigor
heterotaxy,transposition
heterotheca villosa,hairy golden aster
heuchera americana,rock geranium
heuchera cylindrica,poker alumroot
heuchera sanguinea,coralbells
heuristic program,heuristic
heuristic rule,heuristic
hevea brasiliensis,Para rubber tree
hexacosanoic acid,cerotic acid
hexad,six
hexadecanoic acid,palmitic acid
hexadecimal notation,sexadecimal notation
hexadecimal number system,sexadecimal number system
hexadecimal system,hexadecimal number system
hexadrol,dexamethasone
hexagrammos decagrammus,kelp greenling
hexalectris spicata,crested coral root
hexalectris warnockii,Texas purple spike
hexanchus griseus,cow shark
hexanedioic acid,adipic acid
hexanoic acid,caproic acid
hexapoda,Insecta
hexenbesen,witches' broom
heyday,flower
hezbollah,Hizballah
hf,hafnium
hfc,hydrofluorocarbon
hg,mercury
hhs,Department of Health and Human Services
hi,hello
hiatal hernia,hiatus hernia
hiatus,suspension
hiatus hernia,hiatal hernia
hiba arborvitae,Thujopsis dolobrata
hibernia,Ireland
hibiscus cannabinus,kenaf
hibiscus elatus,Cuban bast
hibiscus esculentus,okra
hibiscus farragei,bush hibiscus
hibiscus heterophyllus,sorrel tree
hibiscus moschatus,abelmosk
hibiscus moscheutos,rose mallow
hibiscus mutabilis,cotton rose
hibiscus rosa-sinensis,China rose
hibiscus sabdariffa,roselle
hibiscus syriacus,rose of Sharon
hibiscus tiliaceus,mahoe
hibiscus trionum,flower-of-an-hour
hiccough,hiccup
hiccough nut,hiccup nut
hiccup,hiccough
hiccup nut,hiccough nut
hickey,pimple
hickory,hickory tree
hickory pine,table-mountain pine
hickory tree,hickory
hiddenness,covertness
hide,fell
hide-and-seek,hide and go seek
hide and go seek,hide-and-seek
hideaway,hideout
hideki yukawa,Yukawa
hideout,hideaway
hideyo noguchi,Noguchi
hiding,concealment
hidrosis,perspiration
hieracium aurantiacum,orange hawkweed
hieracium pilocella,mouse-ear hawkweed
hieracium praealtum,king devil
hieracium venosum,rattlesnake weed
hierarch,archpriest
hierarchical data structure,hierarchical structure
hierarchical menu,cascading menu
hierarchical structure,hierarchical data structure
hierarchy,power structure
hieratic script,hieratic
hieroglyph,hieroglyphic
hierolatry,hagiolatry
hieronymus,Jerome
hieronymus bosch,Bosch
high-bush blueberry,tall bilberry
high-definition television,HDTV
high-density lipoprotein,HDL
high-energy physics,particle physics
high-handedness,arrogance
high-hat cymbal,high hat
high-low-jack,all fours
high-mindedness,idealism
high-muck-a-muck,pooh-bah
high-speed steel,hot-work steel
high-strength brass,manganese bronze
high-up,very important person
high-vitamin diet,vitamin-deficiency diet
high-yield bond,junk bond
high anglican church,High Church
high anglicanism,Anglo-Catholicism
high bar,horizontal bar
high blood pressure,hypertension
high command,supreme headquarters
high court,supreme court
high dam,Aswan High Dam
high dudgeon,dudgeon
high energy physics,particle physics
high fashion,haute couture
high fidelity,hi-fi
high fidelity sound system,hi-fi
high frequency,HF
high gear,high
high german,German
high hat,high-hat cymbal
high holiday,High Holy Day
high jinks,jinks
high jinx,jinks
high life,extravagance
high mallow,tall mallow
high muckamuck,very important person
high noon,noon
high pitch,high frequency
high priest,archpriest
high quality,superiority
high relief,alto relievo
high roller,big spender
high school,senior high school
high sea,international waters
high season,peak season
high sierra,Sierra Nevada
high society,society
high spirits,elation
high spot,highlight
high stepper,stepper
high street,main street
high style,haute couture
high tech,high technology
high technology,high tech
high temperature,hotness
high tide,high water
high treason,treason
high water,high tide
highboy,tallboy
highbush cranberry,cranberry bush
highchair,feeding chair
higher-up,superior
higher rank,seniority
higher status,seniority
highest common factor,greatest common divisor
highflier,highflyer
highflyer,highflier
highjack,hijack
highjacker,hijacker
highjacking,hijacking
highland scot,Highlander
highlands of scotland,Highlands
highlife,extravagance
highlight,high spot
highlighting,highlight
highly active antiretroviral therapy,drug cocktail
highroad,trunk road
highschool,senior high school
highwater,high tide
highway,main road
highwayman,highjacker
hijack,highjack
hijacker,highjacker
hijacking,highjacking
hijaz,Hejaz
hijinks,jinks
hike,hiking
hiker,tramp
hiking,hike
hilaire belloc,Belloc
hilaire germain edgar degas,Degas
hilarity,mirth
hilary clinton,Clinton
hilary rodham clinton,Clinton
hildebrand,Gregory
hill,mound
hill myna,Indian grackle
hillbilly,bushwhacker
hillock,knoll
hilltop,brow
hilum,hilus
hilus,hilum
himalaya,Himalayas
himalaya mountains,Himalayas
himalayan cedar,deodar
himantoglossum hircinum,lizard orchid
himantopus himantopus,black-winged stilt
himantopus himantopus leucocephalus,white-headed stilt
himantopus mexicanus,black-necked stilt
himantopus novae-zelandiae,kaki
himantopus stilt,stilt
hinayana buddhism,Hinayana
hind end,buttocks
hind limb,hindlimb
hindbrain,rhombencephalon
hinderance,hindrance
hindlimb,hind limb
hindooism,Hinduism
hindoostani,Hindustani
hindostani,Hindustani
hindquarters,buttocks
hindrance,hinderance
hindu-arabic numeral,Arabic numeral
hindu kush mountains,Hindu Kush
hindu numeral,Arabic numeral
hinge,flexible joint
hinge joint,ginglymus
hinging post,swinging post
hint,intimation
hinterland,backwoods
hip-hop,rap
hip bath,sitz bath
hip boot,thigh boot
hip joint,hip
hip roof,hipped roof
hip tile,hipped tile
hipbone,innominate bone
hipflask,pocket flask
hippeastrum,Hippeastrum puniceum
hippeastrum puniceum,hippeastrum
hipped roof,hip roof
hipped tile,hip tile
hippie,hippy
hippies,flower people
hippo regius,Hippo
hippobosca equina,horse tick
hippoboscid,louse fly
hippocrepis comosa,horseshoe vetch
hippoglossoides platessoides,American plaice
hippoglossus hippoglossus,Atlantic halibut
hippoglossus stenolepsis,Pacific halibut
hippolyte jean giraudoux,Giraudoux
hippopotamus,hippo
hippopotamus amphibius,hippopotamus
hippotragus niger,sable antelope
hippy,hippie
hipster,hippie
hipsters,flower people
hipsurus caryi,rainbow seaperch
hiram king williams,Williams
hiram ulysses grant,Grant
hiram williams,Williams
hire-purchase,never-never
hire car,car rental
hired gun,gunman
hired hand,hand
hired man,hired hand
hireling,pensionary
hirer,boss
hirsuteness,hirsutism
hirsutism,hirsuteness
hirudinean,leech
hirudo medicinalis,medicinal leech
hirundo nigricans,tree swallow
hirundo pyrrhonota,cliff swallow
hirundo rustica,barn swallow
hispanic american,Spanish American
hispid pocket mouse,Perognathus hispidus
hiss,hissing
hissing,hiss
histamine headache,cluster headache
histiocytic leukaemia,monocytic leukemia
histiocytic leukemia,monocytic leukemia
historian,historiographer
historic period,age
historical document,historical paper
historical linguistics,diachronic linguistics
historical paper,historical document
historical record,historical document
historiographer,historian
history,account
history department,department of history
histrion,actor
histrionics,theatrical performance
hit,hitting
hit man,gunman
hitch,enlistment
hitching bar,hitchrack
hitchrack,hitching bar
hitman,gunman
hitter,batter
hitting,hit
hitting average,batting average
hive,beehive
hives,urtication
hizbollah,Hizballah
hizbullah,Hizballah
hl,hectoliter
hm,hectometer
hmo,health maintenance organization
hmong language,Hmong
hn,hydrazoic acid
hnd,Higher National Diploma
ho,holmium
hoactzin,hoatzin
hoagie,bomber
hoagland howard carmichael,Carmichael
hoagy,bomber
hoagy carmichael,Carmichael
hoard,cache
hoarded wealth,treasure
hoarding,billboard
hoarfrost,frost
hoariness,frostiness
hoarseness,gruffness
hoary alison,hoary alyssum
hoary alyssum,hoary alison
hoary golden bush,Hazardia cana
hoary marmot,whistler
hoary plantain,Plantago virginica
hoary puccoon,Indian paint
hoary willow,sage willow
hoatzin,hoactzin
hoax,fraud
hoaxer,prankster
hob,goblin
hobble,fetter
hobbler,limper
hobby,avocation
hobbyhorse,hobby
hobgoblin,goblin
hobo,tramp
hobo camp,jungle
hock,Rhine wine
hock-joint,hock
hockey,field hockey
hockey game,ice hockey
hockey player,ice-hockey player
hockey puck,puck
hocus-pocus,trickery
hod carrier,hodman
hoder,Hoth
hodgepodge,odds and ends
hodman,hod carrier
hodometer,odometer
hodr,Hoth
hodur,Hoth
hoek van holland,Hook of Holland
hog,pig
hog-nosed badger,hog badger
hog-nosed skunk,hognosed skunk
hog badger,hog-nosed badger
hog cranberry,common bearberry
hog millet,broomcorn millet
hog molly,hog sucker
hog peanut,wild peanut
hog plum,yellow mombin
hog plum bush,chickasaw plum
hog snapper,hogfish
hog sucker,hog molly
hogback,horseback
hogchoker,Trinectes maculatus
hogfish,hog snapper
hogget,hog
hoggishness,greediness
hognose bat,Choeronycteris mexicana
hognose snake,puff adder
hognosed skunk,hog-nosed skunk
hogwash,bunk
hogweed,cow parsnip
hoheria populnea,lacebark
hoi polloi,multitude
hoisin sauce,duck sauce
hoka,Hokan
hokkianese,Min
hokum,nonsense
holandric gene,Y-linked gene
holarrhena antidysenterica,ivory tree
holarrhena pubescens,ivory tree
holbein the elder,Holbein
holbein the younger,Holbein
holcus lanatus,velvet grass
holcus mollis,creeping soft grass
hold,clasp
holdall,carryall
holder,bearer
holdfast,fastener
holding,retention
holding paddock,holding pen
holding pen,holding paddock
holding yard,holding pen
holdover,hangover
holdup,armed robbery
holdup man,stickup man
hole,golf hole
holibut,halibut
holiday,vacation
holiday resort,resort
holidaymaker,tourist
holiness,sanctity
holism,holistic theory
holistic theory,holism
holla,bellow
holland,Netherlands
holland gin,geneva
hollander,Netherlander
hollands,geneva
holler,bellow
hollering,bellow
hollerith card,punched card
hollo,bellow
holloa,bellow
hollow-back,lordosis
holloware,hollowware
hollowness,insincerity
hollowware,holloware
holly-leaf cherry,holly-leaved cherry
holly-leaved cherry,holly-leaf cherry
holly-leaved oak,holm oak
holly-leaves barberry,Oregon grape
holly family,Aquifoliaceae
holly fern,Cyrtomium aculeatum
hollygrape,Oregon grape
hollyhock,althea
holm oak,holm tree
holm tree,holm oak
holman hunt,Hunt
holmes,Sherlock Holmes
holmium,Ho
holocanthus tricolor,rock beauty
holocene epoch,Holocene
holocentrus bullisi,deepwater squirrelfish
holocentrus coruscus,reef squirrelfish
holocephalan,holocephalian
holocephalian,holocephalan
hologram,holograph
holograph,manuscript
holometabola,metabola
holometabolism,holometaboly
holometaboly,holometabolism
holonym,whole name
holonymy,whole to part relation
holothuria edulis,trepang
holothurian,sea cucumber
holotype,type specimen
holstein,Friesian
holstein-friesian,Friesian
holy city,Celestial City
holy clover,sainfoin
holy communion,Communion
holy day,religious holiday
holy father,pope
holy grail,grail
holy joe,military chaplain
holy land,Palestine
holy man,saint
holy of holies,sanctum sanctorum
holy oil,chrism
holy person,saint
holy place,sanctum
holy roman emperor frederick ii,Frederick II
holy sacrament,Holy Eucharist
holy scripture,Bible
holy sepulchre,Holy Sepulcher
holy spirit,Holy Ghost
holy terror,terror
holy thistle,milk thistle
holy thursday,Maundy Thursday
holy trinity,Trinity
holy war warriors,Laskar Jihad
holy writ,Bible
homage,court
homarus americanus,American lobster
homarus capensis,Cape lobster
homarus vulgaris,European lobster
hombre,guy
homburg,fedora
home-builder,homebuilder
home-fried potatoes,home fries
home appliance,household appliance
home away from home,home from home
home base,home plate
home brew,homebrew
home ec,home economics
home economics,home ec
home equity credit,home loan
home equity loan,home loan
home fries,home-fried potatoes
home from home,home away from home
home ground,habitat
home key,tonic key
home loan,home equity credit
home page,homepage
home plate,home base
home range,home territory
home reserve,National Guard
home room,homeroom
home run,homer
home territory,home range
home theater,home theatre
home theatre,home theater
homebody,stay-at-home
homebrew,home brew
homebuilder,home-builder
homecoming,return
homel,Homyel
homeland,fatherland
homeland security,Department of Homeland Security
homeless person,homeless
homeliness,dowdiness
homemaker,housewife
homeobox,homeobox gene
homeobox gene,homeobox
homeopath,homoeopath
homeopathy,homoeopathy
homeotherm,homoiotherm
homeowner,householder
homepage,home page
homer,home run
homer a. thompson,Thompson
homer armstrong thompson,Thompson
homer thompson,Thompson
homeroom,home room
homesteader,squatter
homework,prep
homily,preachment
homing pigeon,homer
hominy grits,grits
hommos,hummus
homo,homosexual
homo heidelbergensis,Heidelberg man
homo rhodesiensis,Rhodesian man
homo sapiens neanderthalensis,Neandertal man
homoeopath,homeopath
homoeopathy,homeopathy
homoeroticism,homosexuality
homogeneity,homogeneousness
homogeneousness,homogeneity
homogenisation,homogenization
homogenization,homogenisation
homogentisic acid,alkapton
homograft,allograft
homogyne alpina,alpine coltsfoot
homoiotherm,homeotherm
homomorphism,homomorphy
homomorphy,homomorphism
homona coffearia,tea tortrix
homopteran,homopterous insect
homopterous insect,homopteran
homosexualism,homosexuality
homosexuality,homosexualism
homotherm,homeotherm
homunculus,manikin
honcho,foreman
hondo,Honshu
honduran capital,Tegucigalpa
honestness,honesty
honesty,honestness
honey-flower,honeyflower
honey badger,ratel
honey bear,kinkajou
honey bell,honeybells
honey berry,Spanish lime
honey bun,sticky bun
honey buzzard,Pernis apivorus
honey eater,honeysucker
honey fungus,honey mushroom
honey gland,nectary
honey locust,Gleditsia triacanthos
honey mesquite,Western honey mesquite
honey mushroom,honey fungus
honey oil,K
honeybee,Apis mellifera
honeybells,honey bell
honeycreeper,Hawaiian honeycreeper
honeydew,honeydew melon
honeydew melon,winter melon
honeyed words,sweet nothings
honeyflower,honey-flower
honeymooner,newlywed
honeypot,king protea
honeysucker,honey eater
honeysuckle,Australian honeysuckle
honeysuckle family,Caprifoliaceae
honker,beak
honkey,whitey
honkie,whitey
honky,whitey
honky-tonk,barrelhouse
honkytonk,dive
honor,award
honor guard,guard of honor
honorable mention,mention
honorableness,honourableness
honorary degree,honoris causa
honorary society,academy
honore-gabriel victor riqueti,Mirabeau
honore balzac,Balzac
honore daumier,Daumier
honore de balzac,Balzac
honoring,observance
honoris causa,honorary degree
honour,honor
honourableness,honorableness
honours,honours degree
honours degree,honours
honours list,class list
hoo-ha,disturbance
hoo-hah,disturbance
hooch,hootch
hood,hoodlum
hooded cloak,capote
hooded coat,capote
hooded ladies' tresses,Spiranthes romanzoffiana
hooded merganser,hooded sheldrake
hooded pitcher plant,Sarracenia minor
hooded seal,bladdernose
hooded sheldrake,hooded merganser
hooded skunk,Mephitis macroura
hoodlum,hood
hoodmold,dripstone
hoodmould,dripstone
hoodoo,juju
hoodooism,voodoo
hooey,stuff
hoof-and-mouth disease,foot-and-mouth disease
hoof-mark,hoofprint
hoof mark,hoofprint
hoofed mammal,ungulate
hoofer,stepper
hoofing,step dancing
hoofprint,hoof mark
hook,crotchet
hook shot,hook
hook spanner,hook wrench
hook wrench,hook spanner
hookah,narghile
hooking,hook
hooknose,Roman nose
hooks,meat hooks
hookup,assemblage
hookworm,hookworm disease
hookworm disease,hookworm
hooky,truancy
hooky player,truant
hooligan,bully
hooliganism,vandalism
hoop,ring
hoop ash,black ash
hoop pine,Moreton Bay pine
hoopla,ballyhoo
hoopoe,hoopoo
hoopoo,hoopoe
hoops,basketball
hoopskirt,crinoline
hooray,hurrah
hoosegow,hoosgow
hoosgow,hoosegow
hoosier,Indianan
hoosier state,Indiana
hoot,boo
hootch,hooch
hooter,beak
hop,hops
hop-picker,hopper
hop-step-and-jump,triple jump
hop clover,black medick
hop field,hop garden
hop garden,hop field
hop marjoram,dittany of crete
hope,promise
hope chest,wedding chest
hopeh,Hebei
hopei,Hebei
hopper,hop-picker
hops,hop
hopsack,hopsacking
hopsacking,hopsack
horace greeley,Greeley
horace mann,Mann
horace walpole,Walpole
horatio alger,Alger
horatio herbert kitchener,Kitchener
horatio nelson,Nelson
horatio walpole,Walpole
horde,host
hordeolum,sty
hordeum jubatum,squirreltail barley
hordeum murinum,barley grass
hordeum pusillum,little barley
hordeum vulgare,common barley
horizon,apparent horizon
horizontal bar,high bar
horizontal combination,horizontal integration
horizontal integration,horizontal combination
horizontal stabiliser,horizontal stabilizer
horizontal stabilizer,horizontal stabiliser
horizontal surface,level
hormone,endocrine
hormone-replacement therapy,hormone replacement therapy
hormone replacement therapy,hormone-replacement therapy
horn,saddle horn
horn fly,Haematobia irritans
horn of africa,Somali peninsula
horn of plenty,cornucopia
horn poppy,horned poppy
horned asp,horned viper
horned chameleon,Chamaeleo oweni
horned dinosaur,ceratopsian
horned lizard,horned toad
horned pondweed,Zannichellia palustris
horned poppy,horn poppy
horned pout,hornpout
horned puffin,Fratercula corniculata
horned rattlesnake,sidewinder
horned screamer,Anhima cornuta
horned toad,horned lizard
horned violet,tufted pansy
horned viper,cerastes
horned whiff,Citharichthys cornutus
hornet's nest,hornets' nest
hornets' nest,hornet's nest
hornfels,hornstone
horniness,hotness
hornpipe,pibgorn
hornpout,horned pout
hornstone,hornfels
horny frog,horned lizard
horny layer,stratum corneum
horny structure,unguis
horologe,timepiece
horologer,watchmaker
horologist,watchmaker
horridness,awfulness
horripilation,pilomotor reflex
horror,repugnance
horse,Equus caballus
horse-brier,bullbrier
horse-cart,horse cart
horse-chestnut family,Hippocastanaceae
horse-head,moonfish
horse-pistol,horse pistol
horse balm,horseweed
horse barn,stable
horse bean,broad bean
horse blanket,saddle blanket
horse botfly,Gasterophilus intestinalis
horse brier,bullbrier
horse cart,horse-cart
horse cassia,Cassia roxburghii
horse cavalry,cavalry
horse chestnut,buckeye
horse fancier,horseman
horse fly,horsefly
horse gentian,feverroot
horse grain,horse gram
horse gram,horse grain
horse mackerel,bluefin
horse mushroom,Agaricus arvensis
horse nettle,ball nettle
horse of the wood,capercaillie
horse opera,Western
horse parsley,Alexander
horse pistol,horse-pistol
horse radish,horseradish
horse sense,common sense
horse thistle,prickly lettuce
horse tick,horsefly
horse trade,horse trading
horse trading,horse trade
horse wrangler,wrangler
horseback rider,horseman
horseback riding,riding
horsebean,broad bean
horsefish,moonfish
horseflesh,horsemeat
horsefly,horse tick
horsefly weed,indigo broom
horsehair lichen,horsetail lichen
horsehead,moonfish
horselaugh,hee-haw
horseman,equestrian
horsemeat,horseflesh
horsemint,lemon mint
horsepower,HP
horseradish,horseradish root
horseradish root,horseradish
horseradish sauce,sauce Albert
horseshit,bullshit
horseshoe,shoe
horseshoe arch,Moorish arch
horseshoe crab,king crab
horseshoe falls,Canadian Falls
horseshoe vetch,Hippocrepis comosa
horseshoe whipsnake,Coluber hippocrepis
horseshoer,farrier
horseshoes,quoits
horsetail family,Equisetaceae
horsetail lichen,horsehair lichen
horsetail milkweed,poison milkweed
horseweed,horse balm
horsey set,horsy set
horsy set,horsey set
hortensia,Hydrangea macrophylla hortensis
horticulture,gardening
horticulturist,plantsman
hose,hosiery
hosepipe,hose
hosiery,hose
hosni mubarak,Mubarak
hospital,infirmary
hospital attendant,orderly
hospital care,hospitalization
hospital ward,ward
hospitalisation,hospitalization
hospitality,cordial reception
hospitalization,hospitalization insurance
hospitalization insurance,hospitalization
host,horde
hostage,surety
hostel,hostelry
hosteller,hotelier
hostelry,hostel
hostess,stewardess
hostile expedition,expedition
hostile witness,adverse witness
hostilities,belligerency
hostility,ill will
hostler,stableman
hot-button issue,gut issue
hot-fudge sauce,fudge sauce
hot-rock penstemon,Penstemon deustus
hot-rod,hot rod
hot-water bag,hot-water bottle
hot-water bottle,hot-water bag
hot-water heater,water heater
hot-water tank,water heater
hot-work steel,high-speed steel
hot air,palaver
hot cake,pancake
hot chocolate,cocoa
hot cross bun,cross bun
hot dog,hotdog
hot flash,flush
hot issue,hot stock
hot pad,table mat
hot pants,horniness
hot pepper,tabasco pepper
hot plate,hotplate
hot pot,hotpot
hot rod,hot-rod
hot seat,electric chair
hot spot,hotspot
hot spring,thermal spring
hot stock,hot issue
hot stuff,voluptuousness
hot stuffed tomato,stuffed tomato
hot toddy,toddy
hot water plant,achimenes
hotcake,pancake
hotchpotch,odds and ends
hotdog,hot dog
hotdog bun,frankfurter bun
hotei-chiku,fishpole bamboo
hotel-casino,casino-hotel
hotel clerk,desk clerk
hotel desk clerk,desk clerk
hotel detective,house detective
hotel manager,hotelier
hotel plan,meal plan
hotelier,hotelkeeper
hotelkeeper,hotelier
hotelman,hotelier
hothead,fire-eater
hothouse,conservatory
hothr,Hoth
hotness,heat
hotplate,hot plate
hotpot,hot pot
hotshot,ace
hotspot,hot spot
hotspur,Percy
hottentot,Khoikhoin
hottentot's bread,Hottentot bread
hottentot's bread vine,elephant's-foot
hottentot's fig,Hottentot fig
hottentot bread vine,elephant's-foot
hottonia inflata,water gillyflower
hottonia palustris,water violet
houdah,howdah
houhere,lacebark
hoummos,hummus
hound,hound dog
hound's-tongue,Cynoglossum virginaticum
hound's-tooth check,houndstooth check
hound dog,hound
houndstooth check,hound's-tooth check
hour,hr
hour angle,HA
hour hand,little hand
houri,nymph
hours,hour
housatonic river,Housatonic
house,firm
house-builder,homebuilder
house agent,real estate broker
house cat,domestic cat
house centipede,Scutigera coleoptrata
house decorator,interior designer
house detective,hotel detective
house dick,hotel detective
house finch,linnet
house fly,housefly
house guest,houseguest
house husband,househusband
house martin,Delichon urbica
house mouse,Mus musculus
house of cards,bubble
house of detention,detention home
house of god,place of worship
house of hanover,Hanover
house of ill repute,whorehouse
house of islam,Dar al-Islam
house of lancaster,Lancaster
house of prayer,place of worship
house of prostitution,whorehouse
house of representatives,United States House of Representatives
house of tudor,Tudor
house of war,Dar al-harb
house of windsor,Windsor
house of worship,place of worship
house of york,York
house paint,housepaint
house painting,painting
house physician,resident
house servant,domestic
house snake,milk snake
house sparrow,English sparrow
house trailer,trailer
house wren,Troglodytes aedon
housebreaker,cat burglar
housebreaking,break-in
housebuilder,homebuilder
housecoat,negligee
housefly,house fly
houseguest,house guest
household,family
household appliance,home appliance
household arts,home economics
household linen,white goods
householder,homeowner
househusband,house husband
housekeeping,housework
housemaid,maid
houseman,intern
housepaint,house paint
housewife,homemaker
housework,housekeeping
housewrecker,housebreaker
housing,lodging
housing and urban development,Department of Housing and Urban Development
housing industry,construction industry
housing project,public housing
hovea,purple pea
hovel,hut
hovercraft,ground-effect machine
how-d'ye-do,how-do-you-do
how-do-you-do,how-d'ye-do
howard carter,Carter
howard florey,Florey
howard hughes,Hughes
howard lindsay,Lindsay
howard pyle,Pyle
howard robard hughes,Hughes
howdah,houdah
howdy,hello
howitzer,mortar
howl,howling
howler,belly laugh
howler monkey,howler
hoy,barge
hoya carnosa,wax plant
hoyden,tomboy
hoydenism,tomboyishness
hp,horsepower
hq,headquarters
hr,hour
hrolf,Rollo
hrt,hormone replacement therapy
hrvatska,Croatia
hs,hassium
hs1,herpes simplex 1
hs2,herpes simplex 2
hsian,Xian
hsuan chiao,Taoism
hsv-1,herpes simplex 1
hsv-2,herpes simplex 2
hsv-i,herpes simplex 1
hsv-ii,herpes simplex 2
htlv-1,human T-cell leukemia virus-1
html,hypertext markup language
http,hypertext transfer protocol
hua,Harkat-ul-Mujahidin
hualapai,Walapai
hualpai,Walapai
huamachil,manila tamarind
huang hai,Yellow Sea
huarache,huaraches
huaraches,huarache
hub-and-spoke,hub-and-spoke system
hub-and-spoke system,hub-and-spoke
hub of the universe,Boston
hubbard squash,Cucurbita maxima
hubble's parameter,Hubble's constant
hubble-bubble,hookah
hubble constant,Hubble's constant
hubble law,Hubble's law
hubble parameter,Hubble's constant
hubbly-bubbly,hookah
hubbub,uproar
hubby,husband
huck,huckaback
huck finn,Huckleberry Finn
huckaback,huck
huckleberry oak,Quercus vaccinifolia
huckster,cheap-jack
hud,Department of Housing and Urban Development
huddie leadbetter,Ledbetter
huddle,powwow
hudood,hudud
hudson hoagland,Hoagland
hudson river,Hudson
hudsonia ericoides,false heather
hudsonia tomentosa,beach heather
hudud,hudood
hue,chromaticity
hue and cry,clamor
huff,miff
huffing,puffing
huffishness,sulkiness
hug,clinch
hug drug,Adam
hugging,caressing
hugh capet,Capet
hugh dowding,Dowding
hugo alvar henrik aalto,Aalto
hugo de vries,deVries
hugo devries,deVries
hugo grotius,Grotius
hugo junkers,Junkers
hugo von hoffmannsthal,Hoffmannsthal
hugo wolf,Wolf
hugueninia tanacetifolia,tansy-leaved rocket
huig de groot,Grotius
huisache,cassie
huitre,oyster
huji,Harkat-ul-Jihad-e-Islami
hula,hula-hula
hula-hula,hula
huldreich zwingli,Zwingli
hulk,giant
hullabaloo,agitation
hullo,hello
hulsea algida,alpine gold
hulsea nana,dwarf hulsea
hum,busyness
hum-vee,Humvee
human action,act
human activity,act
human being,homo
human beings,world
human body,physical body
human botfly,Dermatobia hominis
human chorionic gonadotrophin,human chorionic gonadotropin
human chorionic gonadotropin,human chorionic gonadotrophin
human death,fatality
human dynamo,powerhouse
human ecology,demography
human elbow,elbow
human face,face
human foot,foot
human gamma globulin,gamma globulin
human growth hormone,somatotropin
human immunodeficiency virus,HIV
human knee,knee
human language technology,natural language processing
human palaeontology,paleoanthropology
human paleontology,paleoanthropology
human race,world
human relationship,relationship
human remains pouch,body bag
humanisation,humanization
humanism,humanitarianism
humanistic discipline,humanities
humanitarianism,humanism
humanities,humanistic discipline
humanity,humanness
humanization,humanisation
humankind,world
humanness,humanity
humanoid,android
humans,world
humble plant,sensitive plant
humblebee,bumblebee
humbleness,unimportance
humboldt current,Peruvian current
humbug,baloney
hume blake cronyn,Cronyn
hume cronyn,Cronyn
humeral veil,veil
humidity,humidness
humidness,humidity
humiliation,chagrin
humility,humbleness
hummer,fastball
humming,hum
humming bird's trumpet,California fuchsia
hummingbird moth,hawkmoth
hummock,knoll
hummus,humus
humor,wit
humoring,indulgence
humorist,humourist
humorousness,jocoseness
humour,temper
humourist,humorist
humous,hummus
hump,bulge
humpback,kyphosis
humpback whale,humpback
humphrey bogart,Bogart
humphrey davy,Davy
humphrey deforest bogart,Bogart
humphrey gilbert,Gilbert
humulin,recombinant human insulin
humulus americanus,American hop
humulus japonicus,Japanese hop
humulus lupulus,common hop
humus,hummus
hunan province,Hunan
hunch,intuition
hunchback,kyphosis
hundred-percenter,chauvinist
hundred dollar bill,c-note
hundredweight,metric hundredweight
hungarian capital,Budapest
hungarian goulash,goulash
hungarian grass,foxtail millet
hungarian pointer,vizsla
hunger,hungriness
hungriness,hunger
hunk,lump
hunnemania fumariifolia,golden cup
hunt club,hunt
hunter,huntsman
hunter's chicken,chicken cacciatore
hunter's sauce,sauce chausseur
hunting,hunt
hunting and gathering society,hunting and gathering tribe
hunting and gathering tribe,hunting and gathering society
hunting crop,riding crop
hunting expedition,campaign
hunting licence,hunting license
hunting license,hunting licence
hunting lodge,lodge
hunting permit,hunting license
hunting spider,wolf spider
hunting watch,hunter
huntingdon willow,white willow
huntington's disease,Huntington's chorea
huntsman,hunter
huntsman's cup,common pitcher plant
huntsman's cups,common pitcher plant
huntsman's horn,huntsman's horns
huntsman's horns,huntsman's horn
huon pine,Lagarostrobus franklinii
hurdle,vault
hurdle race,hurdles
hurdles,hurdling
hurdling,hurdles
hurdy-gurdy,barrel organ
hurdy gurdy,barrel organ
hurl,cast
hurler,pitcher
hurler's disease,Hurler's syndrome
hurly burly,disturbance
huron,Lake Huron
hurrah,hooray
hurricane deck,hurricane roof
hurricane lamp,hurricane lantern
hurricane lantern,hurricane lamp
hurricane roof,hurricane deck
hurriedness,haste
hurry,haste
hurting,pain
hus,Huss
husain,Hussein
husayn,Hussein
husband,hubby
husband-wife privilege,marital communications privilege
husbandman,farmer
husbandry,farming
hush,stillness
hush puppy,hushpuppy
hushing,hiss
hushpuppy,hush puppy
husk,chaff
husk tomato,ground cherry
huskiness,ruggedness
husking,denudation
husking bee,cornhusking
hussar monkey,patas
hussy,adulteress
hustle,bunco
hustler,streetwalker
hut,army hut
hutch,hovel
hutzpah,chutzpa
huygens' principle of superposition,principle of superposition
hwang ho,Huang He
hyacinth,jacinth
hyacinth bean,bonavist
hyacinthoides nonscripta,wild hyacinth
hyacinthus candicans,summer hyacinth
hyacinthus orientalis,common hyacinth
hyacinthus orientalis albulus,Roman hyacinth
hyaena,hyena
hyaena brunnea,brown hyena
hyaena hyaena,striped hyena
hyalin,hyaline
hyaline membrane disease,respiratory distress syndrome
hyalinisation,hyalinization
hyalinization,hyalinisation
hyaloid membrane,hyaloid
hyalophora cecropia,cecropia
hyaloplasm,ground substance
hyaluronidase,spreading factor
hyazyme,hyaluronidase
hybrid petunia,Petunia hybrida
hybrid tuberous begonia,Begonia tuberhybrida
hybrid vigor,heterosis
hybridisation,hybridization
hybridization,hybridisation
hybridizing,hybridization
hydathode,water pore
hydatid disease,echinococcosis
hydatid mole,hydatidiform mole
hydatidiform mole,hydatid mole
hydatidosis,echinococcosis
hydnocarpus kurzii,chaulmoogra
hydnocarpus wightiana,Hydnocarpus laurifolia
hydralazine,Apresoline
hydrangea anomala,climbing hydrangea
hydrangea arborescens,wild hydrangea
hydrangea family,Hydrangeaceae
hydrangea macrophylla hortensis,hortensia
hydrangea paniculata,fall-blooming hydrangea
hydrangea petiolaris,climbing hydrangea
hydrant,water faucet
hydrargyrum,mercury
hydrastis canadensis,goldenseal
hydrated aluminium oxide,aluminum hydroxide
hydrated aluminum oxide,aluminum hydroxide
hydrated lime,calcium hydroxide
hydrated oxide,hydroxide
hydraulic brake,hydraulic brakes
hydraulic brake cylinder,brake cylinder
hydraulic brakes,hydraulic brake
hydraulic cement,Portland cement
hydraulic pump,hydraulic ram
hydraulic ram,hydraulic pump
hydraulic transmission,hydraulic transmission system
hydraulic transmission system,hydraulic transmission
hydraulics,fluid mechanics
hydrazo group,hydrazo radical
hydrazo radical,hydrazo group
hydrazoic acid,azoimide
hydrilla,Hydrilla verticillata
hydrilla verticillata,hydrilla
hydrobates pelagicus,stormy petrel
hydrocephalus,hydrocephaly
hydrocephaly,hydrocephalus
hydrocharidaceae,Hydrocharitaceae
hydrocharis morsus-ranae,frogbit
hydrochloric acid,chlorohydric acid
hydrochlorofluorocarbon,HCFC
hydrochlorothiazide,Microzide
hydrochoerus hydrochaeris,capybara
hydrocortisone,cortisol
hydrocortone,hydrocortisone
hydrocyanic acid,prussic acid
hydrodamalis gigas,Steller's sea cow
hydrodiuril,hydrochlorothiazide
hydrodynamics,hydrokinetics
hydrofluorocarbon,HFC
hydrofluosilicic acid,fluosilicic acid
hydrofoil,foil
hydrogen,H
hydrogen azide,hydrazoic acid
hydrogen bomb,H-bomb
hydrogen carbonate,bicarbonate
hydrogen peroxide,peroxide
hydroid,hydrozoan
hydrokinetics,hydrodynamics
hydrolith,calcium hydride
hydromantes brunus,limestone salamander
hydromantes shastae,Shasta salamander
hydrometer,gravimeter
hydrometry,gravimetry
hydromorphone,hydromorphone hydrochloride
hydromorphone hydrochloride,hydromorphone
hydropathy,hydrotherapy
hydrophobia,rabies
hydrophyllum virginianum,Virginia waterleaf
hydrophyte,aquatic plant
hydrophytic plant,aquatic plant
hydroplane,seaplane
hydroponics,aquiculture
hydrops,edema
hydrotherapy,hydropathy
hydroxide,hydrated oxide
hydroxide ion,hydroxyl ion
hydroxyacetic acid,glycolic acid
hydroxybenzene,carbolic acid
hydroxybutyric acid,oxybutyric acid
hydroxychloroquine,Plaquenil
hydroxyl,hydroxyl group
hydroxyl group,hydroxyl
hydroxyl ion,hydroxide ion
hydroxyl radical,hydroxyl
hydroxytetracycline,oxytetracycline
hydroxyzine,hydroxyzine hydrochloride
hydroxyzine hydrochloride,hydroxyzine
hydrozoan,hydroid
hyemoschus aquaticus,water chevrotain
hyena,hyaena
hyena dog,African hunting dog
hygiene,hygienics
hygienics,hygiene
hygroton,chlorthalidone
hyla arenicolor,canyon treefrog
hyla crucifer,spring peeper
hyla regilla,Pacific tree toad
hylactophryne augusti,barking frog
hylobates lar,gibbon
hylobates syndactylus,siamang
hylocichla fuscescens,veery
hylocichla guttata,hermit thrush
hylocichla mustelina,wood thrush
hylophylax naevioides,spotted antbird
hyman george rickover,Rickover
hyman rickover,Rickover
hymenaea courbaril,courbaril
hymeneals,wedding
hymenopter,hymenopterous insect
hymenopteran,hymenopterous insect
hymenopteron,hymenopterous insect
hymenopterous insect,hymenopteran
hymenoxys acaulis,stemless hymenoxys
hymenoxys grandiflora,old man of the mountain
hymie,kike
hymn,anthem
hymnal,hymnbook
hymnary,hymnal
hymnbook,hymnal
hymnody,psalmody
hyoid bone,hyoid
hyoscine,scopolamine
hyoscyamus muticus,Egyptian henbane
hyoscyamus niger,henbane
hypanthium,floral cup
hype,ballyhoo
hypentelium nigricans,hog sucker
hyperacusia,hyperacusis
hyperacusis,hyperacusia
hyperadrenalism,Cushing's disease
hyperadrenocorticism,Cushing's syndrome
hyperaemia,hyperemia
hyperaldosteronism,aldosteronism
hyperalimentation,total parenteral nutrition
hyperbilirubinemia of the newborn,neonatal hyperbilirubinemia
hyperbole,exaggeration
hypercalcaemia,hypercalcemia
hypercalcemia,hypercalcaemia
hypercalcinuria,hypercalciuria
hypercalciuria,hypercalcinuria
hypercapnia,hypercarbia
hypercarbia,hypercapnia
hypercholesteremia,hypercholesterolemia
hypercholesterolemia,hypercholesteremia
hyperchromic anaemia,hyperchromic anemia
hyperchromic anemia,hyperchromic anaemia
hyperdactyly,polydactyly
hyperemia,hyperaemia
hyperglycaemia,hyperglycemia
hyperglycemia,hyperglycaemia
hyperglyphe perciformis,barrelfish
hyperhidrosis,hyperidrosis
hypericales,Parietales
hypericum androsaemum,common St John's wort
hypericum ascyron,great St John's wort
hypericum calycinum,creeping St John's wort
hypericum crux andrae,St Andrews's cross
hypericum gentianoides,orange grass
hypericum hypericoides,low St Andrew's cross
hypericum maculatum,St Peter's wort
hypericum perforatum,klammath weed
hypericum prolificum,shrubby St John's wort
hypericum pyramidatum,great St John's wort
hypericum spathulatum,shrubby St John's wort
hypericum tetrapterum,St Peter's wort
hypericum virginianum,marsh St-John's wort
hyperidrosis,hyperhidrosis
hyperkinetic syndrome,attention deficit disorder
hyperlipaemia,lipemia
hyperlipemia,lipemia
hyperlipidaemia,lipemia
hyperlipidemia,lipemia
hyperlipoidaemia,lipemia
hyperlipoidemia,lipemia
hypermedia,hypermedia system
hypermedia system,hypermedia
hypermenorrhea,menorrhagia
hypermetropia,hyperopia
hypermetropy,hyperopia
hypernym,superordinate
hypernymy,superordination
hyperoartia,Petromyzoniformes
hyperodontidae,Ziphiidae
hyperoodon ampullatus,bottle-nosed whale
hyperopia,hypermetropia
hyperotreta,Myxiniformes
hyperpiesia,essential hypertension
hyperpiesis,essential hypertension
hyperstat,diazoxide
hypertensin,angiotensin
hypertension,high blood pressure
hypertext mark-up language,hypertext markup language
hypertext markup language,hypertext mark-up language
hypertext transfer protocol,HTTP
hyperthermia,hyperthermy
hyperthermy,hyperthermia
hyperthyroidism,thyrotoxicosis
hypertonia,hypertonus
hypertonicity,hypertonia
hypertonus,hypertonia
hypertrophic rosacea,rhinophyma
hypervolaemia,hypervolemia
hypervolemia,hypervolaemia
hypesthesia,hypoesthesia
hyphantria cunea,fall webworm
hyphen,dash
hyphenation,word division
hypnopedia,sleep-learning
hypnotiser,hypnotist
hypnotism,mesmerism
hypnotist,hypnotizer
hypnotizer,hypnotist
hypo,sodium thiosulphate
hypoadrenalism,Addison's disease
hypoadrenocorticism,Addison's disease
hypoblast,endoderm
hypocalcaemia,hypocalcemia
hypocalcemia,hypocalcaemia
hypocapnia,acapnia
hypochaeris radicata,cat's-ear
hypochoeris,Hypochaeris
hypochondria,hypochondriasis
hypochondriasis,hypochondria
hypochromic anaemia,hypochromic anemia
hypochromic anemia,hypochromic anaemia
hypocorism,pet name
hypocrisy,lip service
hypocrite,dissembler
hypodermatidae,Oestridae
hypodermic syringe,hypodermic
hypoesthesia,hypesthesia
hypogastric artery,internal iliac artery
hypogastric plexus,plexus hypogastricus
hypogastric vein,internal iliac vein
hypoglossal,hypoglossal nerve
hypoglossal nerve,hypoglossal
hypoglycaemia,hypoglycemia
hypoglycaemic agent,hypoglycemic agent
hypoglycemia,hypoglycaemia
hypoglycemic agent,hypoglycaemic agent
hyponym,subordinate
hyponymy,subordination
hypophosphorous acid,phosphorous acid
hypophysial dwarf,pituitary dwarf
hypophysis,pituitary
hypoplastic anaemia,hypoplastic anemia
hypoplastic anemia,hypoplastic anaemia
hypoplastic dwarf,primordial dwarf
hypostasis,epistasis
hypostasis of christ,hypostasis
hypostatisation,hypostatization
hypostatization,hypostatisation
hypothalamic releasing factor,releasing hormone
hypothalamic releasing hormone,releasing hormone
hypothesis,possibility
hypotonia,hypotonus
hypotonicity,hypotonia
hypotonus,hypotonia
hypovitaminosis,avitaminosis
hypovolaemia,hypovolemia
hypovolemia,hypovolaemia
hypoxis hirsuta,American star grass
hypsiglena torquata,night snake
hypsiprymnodon moschatus,musk kangaroo
hypsography,hypsometry
hypsometry,hypsography
hyrax,coney
hyssop,Hyssopus officinalis
hyssop loosestrife,grass poly
hyssopus officinalis,hyssop
hysteria,craze
hysterical neurosis,hysteria
hysterics,hysteric
hytrin,terazosin
hz,hertz
i. a. richards,Richards
i. f. stone,Stone
i. m. pei,Pei
i.d.,ID
i.e.d.,improvised explosive device
i.q.,intelligence quotient
i.w.w.,Industrial Workers of the World
i corinthians,First Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Corinthians
i john,First Epistle of John
i peter,First Epistle of Peter
i thessalonians,First Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Thessalonians
i timothy,First Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Timothy
ia,Iowa
iaa,indoleacetic acid
iaea,International Atomic Energy Agency
iamb,iambus
iambus,iamb
ian douglas smith,Smith
ian fleming,Fleming
ian lancaster fleming,Fleming
ian smith,Smith
ian wilmut,Wilmut
ianfu,comfort woman
ibda-c,Islamic Great Eastern Raiders-Front
ibex,Capra ibex
ibis ibis,wood ibis
ibizan podenco,Ibizan hound
ibn-roshd,Averroes
ibn-sina,Avicenna
ibn al-haytham,Alhazen
ibn talal hussein,Hussein
ibolium privet,ibota privet
ibota privet,ibolium privet
ibrahim,Abraham
ibrd,International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
ibuprofen,isobutylphenyl propionic acid
icaco,coco plum
icao,International Civil Aviation Organization
icbm,intercontinental ballistic missile
icc,Interstate Commerce Commission
ice,water ice
ice-cream bean,Inga edulis
ice-cream cake,icebox cake
ice-cream float,ice-cream soda
ice-cream soda,ice-cream float
ice-cream sundae,sundae
ice-hockey player,hockey player
ice-hockey rink,ice hockey rink
ice-skating rink,ice rink
ice-wagon,ice wagon
ice age,glacial period
ice ax,ice axe
ice axe,ice ax
ice bag,ice pack
ice bear,polar bear
ice cap,icecap
ice chest,cooler
ice coffee,iced coffee
ice cream,icecream
ice crystal,snow mist
ice floe,floe
ice fog,pogonip
ice hockey,hockey
ice hockey rink,ice-hockey rink
ice lolly,lolly
ice needle,ice crystal
ice pack,ice bag
ice pick,icepick
ice plant,icicle plant
ice rink,ice-skating rink
ice shelf,shelf ice
ice storm,silver storm
ice tea,iced tea
ice wagon,ice-wagon
ice yacht,iceboat
iceberg,berg
iceberg lettuce,crisphead lettuce
iceboat,icebreaker
icebox,refrigerator
icebox cake,ice-cream cake
icebreaker,iceboat
icecap,ice cap
icecream,ice cream
iced coffee,ice coffee
iced tea,ice tea
iceland lichen,Iceland moss
iceman,hatchet man
icepick,ice pick
ichneumon,Herpestes ichneumon
ichor,pus
ichthyolatry,fish-worship
icicle plant,ice plant
iciness,chill
icing,frost
icing the puck,icing
icon,picture
iconoclast,image breaker
icsh,luteinizing hormone
ictalurus punctatus,channel catfish
icteria virens,yellow-breasted chat
icterus,jaundice
icterus galbula,northern oriole
icterus galbula bullockii,Bullock's oriole
icterus galbula galbula,Baltimore oriole
icterus neonatorum,jaundice of the newborn
icterus spurius,orchard oriole
ictiobus niger,black buffalo
ictonyx frenata,zoril
ictonyx striata,striped muishond
ictus,seizure
icu,intensive care unit
id,Idaho
ida,International Development Association
ida m. tarbell,Tarbell
ida minerva tarbell,Tarbell
ida tarbell,Tarbell
iddm,type I diabetes
idea,thought
ideal gas,perfect gas
ideal solid,regular polyhedron
idealisation,idealization
idealism,high-mindedness
idealist,dreamer
idealization,idealisation
idealogue,theorist
identical twin,monozygotic twin
identicalness,identity
identification,designation
identification number,number
identikit picture,Identikit
identity,personal identity
identity card,card
identity element,identity
identity matrix,unit matrix
identity operator,identity
identity verification,biometric identification
ideogram,ideograph
ideograph,ideogram
ideologist,ideologue
ideologue,ideologist
ideology,political orientation
idesia,Idesia polycarpa
idesia polycarpa,idesia
idf,Israeli Defense Force
idiocy,amentia
idiolatry,autolatry
idiom,parlance
idiomatic expression,idiom
idiopathic disease,idiopathic disorder
idiopathic disorder,idiopathic disease
idiopathic hemochromatosis,classic hemochromatosis
idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura,thrombocytopenic purpura
idiopathy,idiopathic disease
idiosyncrasy,foible
idiot,imbecile
idiot box,television receiver
iditarod trail dog sled race,Iditarod
idle pulley,idler pulley
idle talk,prate
idle wheel,idle pulley
idle words,wind
idleness,idling
idler,loafer
idler pulley,idle pulley
idling,idleness
idocrase,vesuvianite
idol,graven image
idol worship,idolatry
idol worshiper,idolater
idolater,idolizer
idolatry,devotion
idolisation,adoration
idoliser,idolizer
idolization,adoration
idolizer,idoliser
idp,integrated data processing
idria columnaris,boojum tree
idyl,pastorale
idyll,pastorale
ied,improvised explosive device
ieoh ming pei,Pei
ifc,International Finance Corporation
ig,immunoglobulin
iga,immunoglobulin A
igd,immunoglobulin D
ige,immunoglobulin E
igg,immunoglobulin G
igloo,iglu
iglu,igloo
igm,immunoglobulin M
ignace jan paderewski,Paderewski
ignace paderewski,Paderewski
ignis fatuus,friar's lantern
igniter,ignitor
ignition,ignition system
ignition interlock,interlock
ignition lock,lock
ignition system,ignition
ignitor,igniter
ignobility,ignobleness
ignobleness,ignobility
ignominiousness,shamefulness
ignominy,shame
ignoramus,know nothing
ignorantness,nescience
igor fyodorovich stravinsky,Stravinsky
igor ivanovich sikorsky,Sikorsky
igor sikorsky,Sikorsky
igor stravinsky,Stravinsky
igor tamm,Tamm
igor yevgeneevich tamm,Tamm
iguana,common iguana
iguana iguana,common iguana
iguania,Iguanidae
iguanid,iguanid lizard
iguanid lizard,iguanid
iguassu,Iguazu
iguassu falls,Iguazu
iguazu falls,Iguazu
ii corinthians,Second Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Corinthians
ii john,Second Epistel of John
ii peter,Second Epistle of Peter
ii thessalonians,Second Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Thessalonians
ii timothy,Second Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Timothy
iii john,Third Epistel of John
iis,Iraqi Intelligence Service
ijssel river,IJssel
ike,Eisenhower
ikhanaton,Akhenaton
ikon,picture
il duce,Mussolini
ilama,ilama tree
ilama tree,ilama
ilang-ilang,ylang-ylang
ileal artery,intestinal artery
ileocolic artery,arteria ileocolica
ileocolic vein,vena ileocolica
iles comores,Comoro Islands
iles marquises,Marquesas Islands
ileus,intestinal obstruction
ilex cornuta,Chinese holly
ilex decidua,bearberry
ilex glabra,inkberry
ilex paraguariensis,mate
iliac artery,arteria iliaca
iliac vein,vena iliaca
iliamna acerifolia,mountain hollyhock
iliamna remota,wild hollyhock
iliamna ruvularis,mountain hollyhock
ilich ramirez sanchez,Sanchez
ilich sanchez,Sanchez
iliolumbar artery,arteria iliolumbalis
iliolumbar vein,vena iliolumbalis
ilion,Troy
ilium,Troy
ilk,like
ill-breeding,bad manners
ill-treatment,maltreatment
ill-usage,maltreatment
ill fame,notoriety
ill health,unhealthiness
ill humor,ill humour
ill humour,ill humor
ill luck,misfortune
ill service,disservice
ill temper,bad temper
ill turn,disservice
ill will,hostility
illation,inference
illecebrum verticullatum,coral necklace
illegitimacy,bastardy
illegitimate child,bastard
illegitimate enterprise,racket
illicium anisatum,star anise
illicium floridanum,purple anise
illicium verum,star anise
illiteracy,analphabetism
illiterate person,illiterate
illness,unwellness
illogic,illogicality
illogicality,illogicalness
illogicalness,illogicality
illuminance,illumination
illumination,light
illusion,semblance
illusionist,visionary
illustration,exemplification
illustriousness,greatness
ilmen,Lake Ilmen
ilo,International Labor Organization
ilosone,erythromycin
ilya ehrenberg,Ehrenberg
ilya grigorievich ehrenberg,Ehrenberg
ilya ilich metchnikov,Metchnikoff
image,mental image
image breaker,iconoclast
image orthicon,orthicon
image scanner,scanner
imagery,imagination
imaginary being,imaginary creature
imaginary creature,imaginary being
imaginary number,complex number
imaginary part,imaginary part of a complex number
imaginary part of a complex number,imaginary part
imaginary place,mythical place
imagination,imaginativeness
imagination image,thought-image
imaginativeness,imagination
imaging,imagination
imam,imaum
imamu amiri baraka,Baraka
imaum,imam
imavate,imipramine
imbalance,instability
imbauba,trumpetwood
imbecility,stupidity
imbiber,drinker
imbibing,drinking
imbibition,drinking
imbrication,overlapping
imbroglio,embroilment
imf,International Monetary Fund
imidazole,iminazole
iminazole,imidazole
imipramine,impramine hydrochloride
imitation leather,leatherette
imitative electronic deception,electronic imitative deception
imitator,impersonator
immaculate conception of the virgin mary,Immaculate Conception
immaculateness,spotlessness
immanence,immanency
immanency,immanence
immanuel kant,Kant
immateriality,incorporeality
immatureness,immaturity
immaturity,immatureness
immediacy,immediateness
immediate allergy,atopy
immediate apprehension,immediacy
immediate memory,short-term memory
immediate payment,cash
immediateness,immediacy
immenseness,enormousness
immensity,enormousness
immersion,submergence
immersion foot,trench foot
immigration,in-migration
imminence,imminency
imminency,imminence
imminent abortion,threatened abortion
imminentness,imminence
immobilisation,immobilization
immobility,stationariness
immobilization,immobilisation
immobilizing,immobilization
immoderateness,immoderation
immoderation,immoderateness
immodesty,exhibitionism
immorality,evil
immortelle,Xeranthemum annuum
immovability,immovableness
immovableness,immovability
immune carrier,carrier
immune gamma globulin,immunoglobulin
immune globulin,immunoglobulin
immune reaction,immune response
immune response,immune reaction
immune serum globulin,immunoglobulin
immune suppressant drug,immunosuppressant
immunisation,immunization
immunity,unsusceptibility
immunization,immunisation
immunizing agent,immunogen
immunoassay,immunochemical assay
immunochemical assay,immunoassay
immunochemistry,chemoimmunology
immunogen,immunizing agent
immunoglobulin,Ig
immunologic response,immune response
immunosuppressant,immunosuppressor
immunosuppressive drug,immunosuppressant
immunosuppressor,immunosuppressant
immurement,captivity
immutability,immutableness
immutableness,immutability
imo,International Maritime Organization
imogene coca,Coca
imou pine,rimu
imp,elf
impact,wallop
impacted tooth,impaction
impaction,impacted tooth
impairment,damage
impala,Aepyceros melampus
impala lily,mock azalia
impalpability,intangibility
impartation,conveyance
impartiality,nonpartisanship
imparting,conveyance
impasse,deadlock
impassiveness,emotionlessness
impassivity,emotionlessness
impatience,restlessness
impatiens capensis,jewelweed
impeachability,indictability
impeccability,faultlessness
impecuniousness,pennilessness
impedance,electric resistance
impediment,hindrance
impedimenta,obstruction
impendence,imminence
impendency,imminence
impenetrability,imperviousness
impenetrableness,impenetrability
impenitence,impenitency
impenitency,impenitence
imperative form,imperative mood
imperative mood,imperative
imperativeness,insistence
imperfect tense,progressive
imperfection,imperfectness
imperfective,imperfective aspect
imperfective aspect,imperfective
imperfectness,imperfection
imperial beard,imperial
imperial capacity unit,British capacity unit
imperial elephant,imperial mammoth
imperial gallon,gallon
imperial mammoth,imperial elephant
imperial moth,Eacles imperialis
imperiousness,domineeringness
imperishability,imperishableness
imperishableness,imperishability
imperishingness,imperishability
imperium,empire
impermanence,impermanency
impermanency,impermanence
impermeability,impermeableness
impermeableness,impermeability
impersonation,caricature
impersonator,imitator
impertinence,impudence
imperturbability,coolness
imperturbableness,coolness
imperviousness,impenetrability
impetuosity,impetuousness
impetuousness,impetuosity
impetus,drift
impiety,impiousness
impingement,encroachment
impinging,contact
impiousness,impiety
impishness,mischievousness
implantation,nidation
implausibility,implausibleness
implausibleness,implausibility
implementation,execution
implements of war,weaponry
implication,deduction
implosion therapy,flooding
import,importation
import barrier,trade barrier
importance,grandness
important person,influential person
importation,importing
importee,import
importing,importation
importunity,urgency
imposition,infliction
impossibility,impossibleness
impossible action,impossibility
impossibleness,impossibility
impost,customs
imposter,impostor
impostor,imposter
imposture,impersonation
impotence,powerlessness
impotency,powerlessness
impounding,impoundment
impoundment,impounding
impoverishment,poverty
impracticability,impracticableness
impracticableness,impracticability
impramine hydrochloride,imipramine
imprecation,malediction
impreciseness,imprecision
imprecision,impreciseness
impregnability,invulnerability
impregnation,saturation
impresario,showman
impress,impressment
impression,feeling
impressive aphasia,Wernicke's aphasia
impressiveness,grandness
impressment,impress
imprimatur,sanction
imprint,depression
imprisonment,captivity
improbability,improbableness
improbableness,improbability
improperness,impropriety
impropriety,improperness
improvement,betterment
improver,humanitarian
improvidence,shortsightedness
improvisation,temporary expedient
improvised explosive device,I.E.D.
impudence,cheek
impuissance,helplessness
impulse,urge
impulse explosive,propellant explosive
impulsion,drift
impureness,impurity
impurity,dross
imu,Islamic Group of Uzbekistan
imuran,azathioprine
in-basket,in-tray
in-law,relative-in-law
in-migration,immigration
in-tray,in-basket
inability,unfitness
inaccessibility,unavailability
inachis io,peacock
inaction,inactivity
inactivation,deactivation
inactiveness,inaction
inactivity,inaction
inadequacy,insufficiency
inadequateness,inadequacy
inadvertence,oversight
inadvertency,unmindfulness
inanimateness,lifelessness
inanition,lassitude
inanity,senselessness
inappositeness,inaptness
inappropriateness,wrongness
inaptness,inappositeness
inattentiveness,heedlessness
inaudibility,inaudibleness
inaudibleness,inaudibility
inaugural address,inaugural
inauguration,startup
inauspiciousness,unpropitiousness
inborn reflex,reflex
inc,Iraqi National Congress
incalescence,calefaction
incandescence,glow
incandescent lamp,light bulb
incantation,conjuration
incapability,incapableness
incapableness,incapability
incarceration,captivity
incarnation,embodiment
incasement,encasement
incaution,incautiousness
incautiousness,incaution
incendiarism,arson
incendiary bomb,incendiary
incense cedar,red cedar
incentive,inducement
incentive option,incentive stock option
incentive program,incentive scheme
incentive scheme,incentive program
incentive stock option,incentive option
inception,origin
incertitude,doubt
incessancy,continuousness
incessantness,continuousness
inch,in
incheon,Inchon
inchoative aspect,inchoative
inchworm,measuring worm
incidence,relative incidence
incidence angle,angle of incidence
incidental expense,incidental
incienso,brittlebush
incipience,incipiency
incipiency,incipience
incision,scratch
incisiveness,trenchancy
incisura,incisure
incisure,incisura
incitation,incitement
incitement,incitation
inciter,instigator
inclemency,bad weather
inclementness,bad weather
inclination,disposition
inclination of an orbit,inclination
incline,slope
inclining,inclination
inclinometer,dip circle
inclosure,enclosure
inclusion,comprehension
inclusion body,cellular inclusion
inclusion body encephalitis,subacute sclerosing panencephalitis
incoherence,incoherency
incoherency,incoherence
income bracket,tax bracket
income statement,earnings report
income tax bracket,income bracket
income tax return,tax return
incommodiousness,inconvenience
incompatibility,mutual exclusiveness
incompetence,incompetency
incompetency,incompetence
incompetent person,incompetent
incomplete abortion,partial abortion
incompleteness,rawness
inconceivability,inconceivableness
inconceivableness,inconceivability
incongruity,incongruousness
incongruousness,incongruity
inconsequence,illogicality
inconsiderateness,inconsideration
inconsideration,inconsiderateness
inconsistency,incompatibility
inconstancy,faithlessness
incontinence,incontinency
incontinency,incontinence
incontrovertibility,incontrovertibleness
incontrovertibleness,incontrovertibility
inconvenience,incommodiousness
incorporation,internalization
incorporeality,immateriality
incorrectness,wrongness
incorruption,incorruptness
incorruptness,incorruption
increase,addition
incredibility,incredibleness
incredibleness,incredibility
incredulity,disbelief
increment,increase
incremental cost,marginal cost
incrimination,inculpation
incrustation,encrustation
incubation,brooding
incubator,brooder
incubus,nightmare
inculcation,ingraining
inculpability,blamelessness
inculpableness,blamelessness
inculpation,incrimination
incumbency,tenure
incumbrance,encumbrance
incurability,incurableness
incurableness,incurability
incursion,penetration
incurvation,concave shape
incurvature,concave shape
incus,anvil
indapamide,Lozal
indebtedness,liability
indecency,impropriety
indecent exposure,public nudity
indecision,indecisiveness
indecisiveness,indecision
indecorousness,indecorum
indecorum,indecorousness
indefatigability,indefatigableness
indefatigableness,indefatigability
indefiniteness,indeterminateness
indefinity,indefiniteness
indemnification,damages
indemnity,insurance
indent,indentation
indentation,indenture
indention,indentation
indenture,indentation
independence,independency
independency,independence
independent clause,main clause
independent state of papua new guinea,Papua New Guinea
independent state of samoa,Samoa
independent variable,experimental variable
inderal,propanolol
indeterminacy,indefiniteness
indeterminacy principle,uncertainty principle
indeterminateness,indefiniteness
indetermination,indefiniteness
index,index number
index finger,index
index fossil,guide fossil
index number,index
index of refraction,refractive index
india-rubber fig,India-rubber tree
india-rubber plant,India-rubber tree
india rubber,rubber
indian arrowroot,pia
indian banyan,banyan
indian bean,catalpa
indian beet,wild lupine
indian blanket,blanket flower
indian breadroot,breadroot
indian capital,New Delhi
indian cherry,Carolina buckthorn
indian chickweed,carpetweed
indian chieftain,Indian chief
indian chocolate,water avens
indian cholera,cholera
indian corn,corn
indian cress,garden nasturtium
indian currant,coralberry
indian file,file
indian grackle,hill myna
indian lodge,lodge
indian lotus,lotus
indian meal,cornmeal
indian millet,durra
indian mustard,chinese mustard
indian paint,hoary puccoon
indian paintbrush,butterfly weed
indian pea,grass pea
indian pink,cypress vine
indian poke,white hellebore
indian pony,cayuse
indian potato,groundnut
indian relish,chutney
indian rhubarb,umbrella plant
indian rice,wild rice
indian rosewood,Indian blackwood
indian salad,Virginia waterleaf
indian senna,Alexandria senna
indian shot,achira
indian tapir,Malayan tapir
indian tick fever,Marseilles fever
indian tobacco,wild tobacco
indian turnip,jack-in-the-pulpit
indicant,indication
indication,indicant
indicative mood,indicative
indicator,index
indicator lamp,pilot light
indictability,impeachability
indictment,bill of indictment
indifference,emotionlessness
indigen,native
indigence,need
indigene,native
indigenousness,autochthony
indigestibility,indigestibleness
indigestibleness,indigestibility
indigestion,dyspepsia
indigirka river,Indigirka
indignation,outrage
indigo bird,indigo bunting
indigo broom,horsefly weed
indigo bunting,indigo finch
indigo finch,indigo bunting
indigo plant,indigo
indigo snake,gopher snake
indigo squill,wild hyacinth
indigofera anil,anil
indigofera suffruticosa,anil
indigofera tinctoria,indigo
indigotin,anil
indinavir,Crixivan
indira gandhi,Gandhi
indira nehru gandhi,Gandhi
indirect correlation,negative correlation
indirect evidence,circumstantial evidence
indirect expression,circumlocution
indirect request,wish
indiscipline,undiscipline
indiscreetness,injudiciousness
indiscretion,injudiciousness
indispensability,indispensableness
indispensableness,indispensability
indisposition,reluctance
indisputability,indubitability
indistinctness,softness
indistinguishability,identity
indium,In
individual retirement account,IRA
individualisation,individualization
individualism,individuality
individuality,individualism
individualization,individualisation
individuation,individualization
indo-european language,Indo-European
indo-hittite,Indo-European
indo-iranian language,Indo-Iranian
indochinese peninsula,Indochina
indocin,indomethacin
indoleacetic acid,IAA
indolence,laziness
indomethacin,Indocin
indomitability,invincibility
indoor garden,conservatory
indorsement,endorsement
indorser,subscriber
indri,indris
indri brevicaudatus,indri
indri indri,indri
indris,indri
indubitability,indisputability
inducement,incentive
inducer,persuader
inducing,inducement
inductance,induction
inductee,draftee
induction,initiation
induction accelerator,betatron
inductive reasoning,generalization
inductor,inductance
indulgence,self-indulgence
indulging,indulgence
indument,indumentum
indumentum,indument
induration,sclerosis
induration of the arteries,arteriosclerosis
indus river,Indus
industrial bank,industrial loan company
industrial disease,occupational disease
industrial engineering,industrial management
industrial enterprise,industrialization
industrial loan company,industrial bank
industrial management,industrial engineering
industrial plant,plant
industrial psychology,applied psychology
industrial union,vertical union
industrialisation,industrialization
industrialization,industrialisation
industriousness,diligence
industry,manufacture
indweller,inhabitant
inebriant,alcohol
inebriate,drunkard
inebriation,alcoholism
inebriety,drunkenness
ineffectiveness,ineffectualness
ineffectuality,ineffectiveness
ineffectualness,ineffectiveness
inefficaciousness,inefficacy
inefficacy,inefficaciousness
ineluctability,unavoidability
ineptitude,awkwardness
ineptness,awkwardness
inequity,unfairness
inert gas,noble gas
inertia,inactiveness
inertial frame,inertial reference frame
inertial guidance,inertial navigation
inertial guidance system,inertial navigation system
inertial navigation,inertial guidance
inertial navigation system,inertial guidance system
inertial reference frame,inertial frame
inevitability,inevitableness
inevitable accident,act of God
inevitableness,inevitability
inexactitude,inexactness
inexactness,inexactitude
inexorability,relentlessness
inexorableness,relentlessness
inexpedience,inexpediency
inexpediency,inexpedience
inexperience,rawness
inexperienced person,innocent
infamy,opprobrium
infancy,babyhood
infant,baby
infant's-breath,wild madder
infant death,sudden infant death syndrome
infant deathrate,infant mortality
infant mortality,infant deathrate
infant mortality rate,infant deathrate
infant prodigy,child prodigy
infantile amaurotic idiocy,Tay-Sachs disease
infantile fixation,arrested development
infantile paralysis,poliomyelitis
infantry,foot
infantryman,marcher
infarct,infarction
infarction,infarct
infatuation,puppy love
infeasibility,unfeasibility
infection,contagion
infectious agent,infective agent
infectious hepatitis,hepatitis A
infectious mononucleosis,mononucleosis
infectious polyneuritis,Guillain-Barre syndrome
infective agent,infectious agent
inference,illation
inferior alveolar artery,arteria alveolaris inferior
inferior cerebral vein,venae cerebrum inferior
inferior court,lower court
inferior epigastric vein,vena epigastrica inferior
inferior labial artery,arteria labialis inferior
inferior labial vein,vena labialis inferior
inferior pulmonary vein,vena pulmanalis inferior
inferior rectus,inferior rectus muscle
inferior rectus muscle,inferior rectus
inferior thalamostriate vein,striate vein
inferior vena cava,postcava
inferior vocal cord,true vocal cord
inferior vocal fold,true vocal cord
inferiority,lower status
infernal machine,time bomb
infernal region,Hell
inferno,hell
infertility,sterility
infestation,plague
infidel,heathen
infidelity,unfaithfulness
infield,baseball diamond
infiltration,percolation
infiniteness,infinitude
infinitesimal calculus,calculus
infinitude,infiniteness
infinity,eternity
infirmary,hospital
infirmity,frailty
inflaming,inflammation
inflammability,flammability
inflammation,redness
inflammatory bowel disease,colitis
inflatable cushion,air cushion
inflater,inflator
inflation,rising prices
inflation rate,rate of inflation
inflator,inflater
inflection,inflexion
inflectional ending,inflectional suffix
inflectional morphology,accidence
inflectional suffix,inflectional ending
inflexibility,inflexibleness
inflexibleness,inflexibility
inflexion,inflection
infliction,imposition
infliximab,Remicade
inflorescence,blossoming
inflow,influx
influence peddler,fixer
influential person,important person
influenza,flu
influx,inflow
info,information
infolding,invagination
infomercial,informercial
informality,ease
informant,source
informatics,information science
information,info
information processing,information science
information processing system,computer
information science,informatics
information superhighway,superhighway
information system,data system
information technology,IT
information warfare,IW
informational rna,messenger RNA
informer,betrayer
informercial,infomercial
informing,ratting
infotainment,documentary
infraction,misdemeanor
infraorbital artery,arteria infraorbitalis
infrared emission,infrared
infrared frequency,infrared
infrared lamp,heat lamp
infrared light,infrared
infrared radiation,infrared
infrastructure,substructure
infrequency,rarity
infrigidation,refrigeration
infringement,violation
infringement of copyright,copyright infringement
infuriation,enragement
infusion,extract
inga edulis,ice-cream bean
inga laurina,guama
ingathering,solicitation
ingeniousness,inventiveness
ingenuity,inventiveness
ingenuousness,artlessness
inger,Ingrian
ingerman,Ingrian
ingestion,consumption
inglenook,chimney corner
ingmar bergman,Bergman
ingot,metal bar
ingraining,inculcation
ingrate,thankless wretch
ingratiation,insinuation
ingratitude,ungratefulness
ingredient,component
ingress,immersion
ingrid bergman,Bergman
ingroup,clique
ingrown toenail,onyxis
inguen,groin
inguinal canal,canalis inguinalis
inh,isoniazid
inhabitancy,inhabitation
inhabitant,habitant
inhabitation,inhabitancy
inhalation,inspiration
inhalation anaesthetic,inhalation anesthetic
inhalation anesthetic,inhalation anaesthetic
inhalation anthrax,pulmonary anthrax
inhalation general anaesthetic,inhalation anesthetic
inhalation general anesthetic,inhalation anesthetic
inhalator,respirator
inhaler,inhalator
inharmoniousness,disharmony
inherence,inherency
inherency,inherence
inherent aptitude,instinct
inheritance,heritage
inheritance tax,estate tax
inherited disease,genetic disease
inherited disorder,genetic disease
inheritor,heir
inheritress,heiress
inheritrix,heiress
inhibition,suppression
inhuman treatment,cruelty
inhumaneness,inhumanity
inhumanity,inhumaneness
inhumation,burial
inigo jones,Jones
iniquity,wickedness
initial offering,initial public offering
initial public offering,IPO
initial rhyme,alliteration
initialisation,low-level formatting
initialization,low-level formatting
initiate,novice
initiation,induction
initiator,instigator
injectant,injection
injection,injectant
injudiciousness,indiscreetness
injun,Redskin
injunction,enjoining
injured party,casualty
injuriousness,harmfulness
injury,hurt
injustice,unfairness
ink bottle,inkpot
inka,Inca
inkberry,gallberry
inkblot test,Rorschach
inkiness,black
inking pad,pad
inkling,intimation
inkpad,pad
inkpot,ink bottle
inkstand,inkwell
inkwell,inkstand
inky-cap mushroom,inky cap
inky cap,inky-cap mushroom
inla,Irish National Liberation Army
inlet,recess
inmarriage,endogamy
inmate,inpatient
inn,hostel
innards,viscera
innate immunity,natural immunity
innate reflex,reflex
inner circle,clique
inner ear,internal ear
inner product,scalar product
innersole,insole
innervation,excitation
inning,frame
innings,inning
innkeeper,host
innocence,artlessness
innocense,purple chinese houses
innocents' day,Holy Innocents' Day
innominate bone,hipbone
innominate vein,brachiocephalic vein
innovation,invention
innovator,pioneer
innuendo,insinuation
innumerableness,countlessness
inocor,amrinone
inoculant,inoculum
inoculating,vaccinating
inoculation,vaccination
inoculator,vaccinator
inoculum,inoculant
inopportuneness,untimeliness
inordinateness,excess
inorganic phosphate,phosphate
inosculation,anastomosis
inpatient,inmate
inpour,inpouring
input,input signal
input data,input file
input device,data input device
input file,input data
input signal,input
inquietude,edginess
inquirer,enquirer
inquiry,enquiry
inquisitiveness,curiousness
inquisitor,interrogator
inr,Bureau of Intelligence and Research
inrush,inpouring
ins,Immigration and Naturalization Service
insalubriousness,insalubrity
insalubrity,insalubriousness
insane asylum,mental hospital
insaneness,lunacy
insanity plea,plea of insanity
inscription,lettering
insect,worm
insect bite,sting
insect powder,insecticide
insect repellant,insectifuge
insect repellent,insectifuge
insecticide,insect powder
insectifuge,insect repellent
insensibility,unfeelingness
insensitiveness,insensitivity
insensitivity,insensitiveness
insert,inset
insertion,interpolation
inset,insert
inside information,details
inside passage,Inland Passage
insight,penetration
insightfulness,acumen
insincerity,falseness
insinuation,innuendo
insipidity,boringness
insipidness,boringness
insistence,insisting
insistency,imperativeness
insisting,insistence
insobriety,drunkenness
insolation,sunstroke
insole,innersole
insolence,crust
insolubility,unsolvability
insouciance,carefreeness
inspection,review
inspection and repair,overhaul
inspector,examiner
inspiration,brainchild
inspirer,galvanizer
inspissation,thickening
instability,imbalance
installation,installing
installing,installation
installment,episode
installment buying,installment plan
installment credit,installment loan
installment loan,installment credit
installment plan,installment buying
installment rate,payment rate
instalment,episode
instance,case
instancy,immediacy
instant replay,replay
instantaneous sound pressure,sound pressure
instantaneousness,immediacy
instauration,initiation
instigant,instigator
instigation,abetment
instigator,provoker
instillation,instillment
instilling,inculcation
instillment,instillation
instilment,instillation
instinctive reflex,reflex
institution,establishment
instruction,direction
instruction execution,execution
instruction manual,instructions
instructions,instruction manual
instructor,teacher
instrument,tool
instrument panel,control panel
instrumental role,instrument
instrumentalist,musician
instrumentality,instrumentation
instrumentation,instrumentality
insubordination,rebelliousness
insufficiency,inadequacy
insulant,insulating material
insularism,insulation
insularity,insulation
insulating material,insulant
insulating tape,friction tape
insulation,insularity
insulator,dielectric
insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus,type I diabetes
insulin reaction,insulin shock
insulin shock,insulin reaction
insulin shock therapy,insulin shock
insulin shock treatment,insulin shock
insult,abuse
insurance,policy
insurance agent,insurance broker
insurance broker,insurance agent
insurance company,insurance firm
insurance coverage,coverage
insurance firm,insurance company
insurance policy,policy
insurance premium,premium
insurance underwriter,insurance company
insured person,insured
insurer,insurance company
insurgence,insurgency
insurgency,insurgence
insurrection,rebellion
insurrectionist,insurgent
intaglio,intaglio printing
intaglio printing,intaglio
intake,consumption
intangibility,intangibleness
intangible asset,intangible
intangibleness,intangibility
integer,whole number
integrality,entirety
integrated circuit,microcircuit
integrated data processing,IDP
integrating,integration
integration,integrating
integrator,planimeter
integrity,unity
intellect,mind
intellection,thinking
intellectual nourishment,food
intellectualisation,intellectualization
intellectualization,intellectualisation
intelligence,intelligence service
intelligence activity,intelligence
intelligence agency,intelligence
intelligence agent,secret agent
intelligence information,intelligence
intelligence officer,secret agent
intelligence operation,intelligence
intelligence quotient,IQ
intelligence service,intelligence
intelligence test,IQ test
intelligentsia,clerisy
intemperance,intemperateness
intemperateness,intemperance
intensifier,intensive
intension,connotation
intensity,strength
intensity level,intensity
intensive care unit,ICU
intensiveness,intensity
intention,purpose
intentness,engrossment
inter-group communication,liaison
inter-services intelligence,Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence
inter vivos trust,living trust
interaction,fundamental interaction
interactive multimedia,hypermedia
interactive multimedia system,hypermedia
interagency support,interdepartmental support
interahamwe,Army for the Liberation of Rwanda
interbrain,diencephalon
interbreeding,hybridization
intercalary year,leap year
intercalation,embolism
intercapitular vein,vena intercapitalis
intercellular substance,matrix
intercession,intervention
intercessor,mediator
interchange,reciprocation
interchangeability,exchangeability
interchangeableness,exchangeability
intercom,intercommunication system
intercom speaker,squawk box
intercommunication system,intercom
interconnectedness,interconnection
interconnection,interconnectedness
intercontinental ballistic missile,ICBM
intercostal artery,arteria intercostalis
intercostal muscle,intercostal
intercostal vein,vena intercostalis
intercourse,social intercourse
interdepartmental support,interagency support
interdependence,mutuality
interdependency,mutuality
interdict,interdiction
interdiction,interdict
interest,involvement
interest group,interest
interest rate,rate of interest
interestingness,interest
interface,user interface
interfacial surface tension,interfacial tension
interfacial tension,interfacial surface tension
interference,intervention
interference fringe,fringe
interior angle,internal angle
interior decoration,decor
interior decorator,interior designer
interior department,Department of the Interior
interior design,interior decoration
interior designer,designer
interior live oak,Quercus wislizenii
interior secretary,Secretary of the Interior
interjection,ejaculation
interlanguage,lingua franca
interlingual rendition,translation
interlock,ignition interlock
interlocutor,middleman
interlocutory injunction,temporary injunction
interloper,intruder
interlude,intermezzo
intermarriage,exogamy
intermaxillary suture,sutura intermaxillaris
intermediary,mediator
intermediate temporal artery,arteria temporalis intermedia
intermediate wheatgrass,Agropyron intermedium
intermediation,mediation
intermediator,mediator
interment,burial
intermezzo,interlude
intermission,pause
intermittence,intermittency
intermittency,intermittence
intermittent cramp,tetany
intermittent tetanus,tetany
intermixture,concoction
intern,interne
internal-combustion engine,ICE
internal angle,interior angle
internal auditory artery,labyrinthine artery
internal auditory vein,labyrinthine vein
internal cerebral vein,vena cerebrum internus
internal ear,inner ear
internal iliac artery,hypogastric artery
internal iliac vein,hypogastric vein
internal medicine,general medicine
internal organ,viscus
internal representation,representation
internal respiration,respiration
internal revenue agent,tax collector
internal secretion,hormone
internal spermatic artery,testicular artery
internalisation,internalization
internality,inwardness
internalization,internalisation
internasal suture,sutura internasalis
international affairs,world affairs
international ampere,ampere
international association of lions clubs,Lions Club
international date line,dateline
international jihad,jihad
international labour organization,International Labor Organization
international law,law of nations
international logistic support,mutual aid
international mile,mile
international morse code,Morse
international nautical mile,nautical mile
international organisation,world organization
international organization,world organization
international pitch,concert pitch
international scale,Celsius scale
international society for krishna consciousness,Hare Krishna
international system,Systeme International d'Unites
international system of units,Systeme International d'Unites
international waters,high sea
internationalisation,internationalization
internationalism,internationality
internationality,internationalism
internationalization,internationalisation
interne,intern
internet,net
internet site,web site
internment,imprisonment
internment camp,prison camp
interoceptor,enteroceptor
interocular lens implant,lens implant
interparietal suture,sagittal suture
interpellation,interjection
interpenetration,permeation
interpersonal chemistry,chemistry
interpolation,insertion
interposition,interjection
interpretation,reading
interpretative dance,interpretive dance
interpretative dancing,interpretive dance
interpreter,translator
interpreting,interpretation
interpretive dance,interpretive dancing
interpretive dancing,interpretive dance
interpretive program,interpreter
interrelatedness,interrelation
interrelation,interrelationship
interrelationship,interrelation
interrogation,question
interrogation point,question mark
interrogative mood,interrogative
interrogative sentence,question
interrogator,inquisitor
interrupted fern,Osmunda clatonia
interruption,break
intersection,intersection point
intersection point,intersection
intersex,hermaphrodite
interspersal,interspersion
interspersion,interspersal
interstate highway,interstate
interstitial cell-stimulating hormone,luteinizing hormone
interstitial plasma cell pneumonia,pneumocytosis
interval,time interval
intervention,intercession
interventricular foramen,foramen of Monro
intervertebral disc,intervertebral disk
intervertebral disk,intervertebral disc
intervertebral vein,vena intervertebralis
interview,consultation
intestinal artery,jejunal artery
intestinal colic,colic
intestinal flu,gastroenteritis
intestinal obstruction,ileus
intestine,bowel
intifada,intifadah
intifadah,intifada
intimacy,familiarity
intimate apparel,lingerie
intimation,hint
intimidation,bullying
intonation,modulation
intoxication,poisoning
intracranial cavity,cranial cavity
intractability,intractableness
intractableness,intractability
intradermal test,subcutaneous test
intransigence,intransigency
intransigency,intransigence
intransitive verb,intransitive verb form
intransitive verb form,intransitive verb
intransitiveness,intransitivity
intransitivity,intransitiveness
intraocular pressure,IOP
intrauterine device,IUD
intravenous feeding,IV
intravenous pyelogram,IVP
intravenous pyelography,IVP
intrenchment,entrenchment
intrepidity,dauntlessness
intricacy,elaborateness
intrigue,machination
intriguer,designer
intro,presentation
introduction,debut
intromission,insertion
intron,noncoding DNA
intropin,dopamine
introspection,self-contemplation
introversion,invagination
intruder,interloper
intrusion,invasion
intrusiveness,meddlesomeness
intubation,cannulation
intuition,hunch
intuitive feeling,feeling
intumescence,intumescency
intumescency,intumescence
intussusception,invagination
inuit,Eskimo
inula helenium,elecampane
inunction,unction
inundation,flood
inutility,uselessness
invader,encroacher
invagination,introversion
invalidation,annulment
invalidator,voider
invalidity,invalidness
invalidness,invalidity
invaluableness,preciousness
invariability,evenness
invariableness,invariability
invariance,invariability
invasion,encroachment
invasion of iwo,Iwo
invective,vituperation
invention,innovation
inventiveness,ingeniousness
inventor,discoverer
inventory,stock list
inventory-clearance sale,clearance sale
inventorying,inventory
inverse cosecant,arc cosecant
inverse cosine,arc cosine
inverse cotangent,arc cotangent
inverse secant,arc secant
inverse sine,arc sine
inverse tangent,arc tangent
inversion,anastrophe
invert soap,cationic detergent
invertase,saccharase
invertebrate foot,foot
inverted comma,quotation mark
investigating,investigation
investigation,probe
investigator,research worker
investing,investment
investiture,coronation
investment,investing
investment adviser,investment advisor
investment advisor,investment adviser
investment banker,underwriter
investment company,investment trust
investment firm,investment company
investment funds,investment
investment trust,investment company
invidia,envy
invigoration,animation
invigorator,quickener
invincibility,indomitability
invincible armada,Spanish Armada
invirase,saquinavir
invisibility,invisibleness
invisibleness,invisibility
invitee,guest
invocation,supplication
invoice,bill
involuntariness,unwillingness
involuntary muscle,smooth muscle
involuntary trust,constructive trust
involution,elaborateness
involvement,engagement
invulnerability,impregnability
inwardness,kernel
io moth,Automeris io
iodin,iodine
iodinated protein,iodoprotein
iodine,iodin
iodochlorhydroxyquin,Clioquinol
iodoform,tri-iodomethane
iodoprotein,iodinated protein
iol,lens implant
ion beam,ionic beam
ionian order,Ionic order
ionic beam,ion beam
ionic bond,electrovalent bond
ionic dialect,Attic
ionic medication,iontophoresis
ionisation,ionization
ionization,ionisation
ionization chamber,ionization tube
ionization tube,ionization chamber
ionophoresis,electrophoresis
iontophoresis,ionic medication
iontotherapy,iontophoresis
iop,intraocular pressure
iosif vissarionovich dzhugashvili,Stalin
iota,shred
iowa crab apple,Iowa crab
ioway,Iowa
ip,information science
ipidae,Scolytidae
ipo,initial public offering
ipomoea alba,moonflower
ipomoea batatas,sweet potato
ipomoea coccinea,red morning-glory
ipomoea fastigiata,wild potato vine
ipomoea imperialis,imperial Japanese morning glory
ipomoea leptophylla,man-of-the-earth
ipomoea nil,Japanese morning glory
ipomoea orizabensis,scammony
ipomoea panurata,wild potato vine
ipomoea pes-caprae,railroad vine
ipomoea purpurea,common morning glory
ipomoea quamoclit,cypress vine
ipomoea tricolor,common morning glory
ipratropium bromide,Atrovent
ipse dixit,ipsedixitism
ipsedixitism,ipse dixit
ipv,Salk vaccine
iq,intelligence quotient
iq test,intelligence test
ir,iridium
ira,Irish Republican Army
ira gershwin,Gershwin
irak,Iraq
iranian capital,Teheran
iranian language,Iranian
iraqi mukhabarat,Iraqi Intelligence Service
irascibility,short temper
ire,anger
irelander,Irish person
irene joliot-curie,Joliot-Curie
iresine herbstii,beefsteak plant
iresine reticulata,beefsteak plant
iridescence,opalescence
iridium,Ir
iridoprocne bicolor,white-bellied swallow
iridosmine,osmiridium
iris,flag
iris cristata,dwarf iris
iris diaphragm,iris
iris family,Iridaceae
iris filifolia,Dutch iris
iris florentina,Florentine iris
iris foetidissima,stinking iris
iris germanica,German iris
iris germanica florentina,Florentine iris
iris kaempferi,Japanese iris
iris kochii,German iris
iris murdoch,Murdoch
iris pallida,Dalmatian iris
iris persica,Persian iris
iris pseudacorus,yellow iris
iris tingitana,Dutch iris
iris verna,dwarf iris
iris versicolor,blue flag
iris virginica,southern blue flag
iris xiphioides,English iris
iris xiphium,Spanish iris
irish bull,bullshit
irish burgoo,mulligan stew
irish capital,Dublin
irish gaelic,Irish
irish gorse,gorse
irish people,Irish
irish potato,potato
irish punt,Irish pound
irish republic,Ireland
irish strawberry,strawberry tree
irish whiskey,Irish
irish whisky,Irish
iron-storage disease,hemochromatosis
iron-tree,iron tree
iron blue,steel grey
iron boot,boot
iron carbide,cementite
iron chancellor,Bismarck
iron collar,garrote
iron deficiency anaemia,iron deficiency anemia
iron deficiency anemia,iron deficiency anaemia
iron duke,Wellington
iron heel,boot
iron lady,Thatcher
iron man,ironman
iron manganese tungsten,wolframite
iron mold,iron mould
iron mould,iron mold
iron oak,post oak
iron overload,hemochromatosis
iron pyrite,pyrite
iron tree,iron-tree
ironist,satirist
ironman,iron man
ironmonger,hardwareman
ironmonger's shop,hardware store
irons,chains
ironsides,Cromwell
ironware,hardware
ironweed,vernonia
ironwood,rose chestnut
ironwood tree,rose chestnut
ironworks,ironwork
irony,sarcasm
iroquoian language,Iroquoian
irradiation,beam
irrational number,irrational
irrationality,unreason
irrawaddy river,Irrawaddy
irreality,unreality
irredenta,irridenta
irredentism,irridentism
irredentist,irridentist
irregularity,abnormality
irrelevance,irrelevancy
irrelevancy,irrelevance
irreligion,irreligiousness
irreligiousness,irreligion
irrepressibility,buoyancy
irresistibility,irresistibleness
irresistible impulse,compulsion
irresistibleness,irresistibility
irresoluteness,irresolution
irresolution,indecision
irresponsibility,irresponsibleness
irresponsibleness,irresponsibility
irreverence,violation
irridenta,irredenta
irridentism,irredentism
irridentist,irredentist
irritability,crossness
irritable bowel syndrome,spastic colon
irritant,thorn
irritation,annoyance
irruption,outbreak
irs,Internal Revenue Service
irtish river,Irtish
irtysh,Irtish
irtysh river,Irtish
irving berlin,Berlin
irving howe,Howe
irving langmuir,Langmuir
irvingia gabonensis,wild mango
isaac asimov,Asimov
isaac bashevis singer,Singer
isaac hull,Hull
isaac m. singer,Singer
isaac mayer wise,Wise
isaac merrit singer,Singer
isaac newton,Newton
isaac stern,Stern
isaac watts,Watts
isabella i,Isabella
isabella stewart gardner,Gardner
isabella the catholic,Isabella
isadora duncan,Duncan
isak dinesen,Dinesen
isamu noguchi,Noguchi
isarithm,isogram
isatis tinctoria,dyer's woad
ischaemia,ischemia
ischaemic stroke,ischemic stroke
ischemia,ischaemia
ischemic anoxia,stagnant anoxia
ischemic hypoxia,stagnant hypoxia
ischemic stroke,ischaemic stroke
ischial bone,ischium
ischium,ischial bone
isere river,Isere
isi,Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence
isidor feinstein stone,Stone
isidore auguste marie francois comte,Comte
isinglass,mica
iskcon,Hare Krishna
islam nation,Ummah
islamic army of aden-abyan,Islamic Army of Aden
islamic community,Jemaah Islamiyah
islamic group,Jemaah Islamiyah
islamic jihad,Hizballah
islamic jihad for the liberation of palestine,Hizballah
islamic law,shariah
islamic party of turkestan,Islamic Group of Uzbekistan
islamic republic of iran,Iran
islamic republic of mauritania,Mauritania
islamic republic of pakistan,Pakistan
islamic resistance movement,Hamas
islamic state of afghanistan,Afghanistan
islamic ummah,Ummah
islamic unity,al Itihaad al Islamiya
island-dweller,islander
island dispenser,gas pump
island of guernsey,Guernsey
island of jersey,Jersey
islander,island-dweller
islay,holly-leaved cherry
isle,islet
isle of man,Man
isle of wight,Wight
isles of langerhans,islands of Langerhans
isles of scilly,Scilly Islands
islet,isle
islets of langerhans,islands of Langerhans
ism,doctrine
ismailian,Ismaili
isn,International Relations and Security Network
isoantibody,alloantibody
isobutyl nitrite,butyl nitrite
isobutylphenyl propionic acid,ibuprofen
isocarboxazid,Marplan
isoclinic line,isoclinal
isogonal line,isogonic line
isogone,isogonic line
isogonic line,isogonal line
isogram,isopleth
isolation,closing off
isolde,Iseult
isole egadi,Egadi Islands
isomerisation,isomerization
isomerization,isomerisation
isometric exercise,isometrics
isometric line,isometric
isometrics,isometric exercise
isomorphism,isomorphy
isomorphy,isomorphism
isoniazid,INH
isopleth,isogram
isopropanol,isopropyl alcohol
isopropyl alcohol,isopropanol
isoproterenol,Isuprel
isoptin,verapamil
isopyrum biternatum,false rue anemone
isordil,isosorbide
isoroku yamamoto,Yamamoto
isosmotic solution,isotonic solution
isosorbide,Isordil
isotonic solution,isosmotic solution
isotropy,symmetry
israel baline,Berlin
israel strassberg,Strasberg
israel zangwill,Zangwill
israelites,Hebrews
issuance,issue
issue,number
issuing,issue
isthmus,band
isthmus of darien,Isthmus of Panama
istiophorus albicans,Atlantic sailfish
isuprel,isoproterenol
isurus glaucus,bonito shark
isurus oxyrhincus,shortfin mako
isurus paucus,longfin mako
it,information technology
italia,Italy
italian capital,Rome
italian clover,crimson clover
italian lira,lira
italian millet,foxtail millet
italian republic,Italy
italian rice,risotto
italian rye,Italian ryegrass
italian sandwich,bomber
italian sonnet,Petrarchan sonnet
italian vegetable marrow,cocozelle
italian vermouth,sweet vermouth
italian woodbine,Italian honeysuckle
italic language,Italic
italo calvino,Calvino
itch,scabies
itch mite,sarcoptid
itchiness,itch
itching,itch
itchy feet,wanderlust
itemisation,listing
itemization,listing
iteration,loop
iterative aspect,iterative
ithaki,Ithaca
ithiel town,Town
ithunn,Idun
itinerary,path
itraconazole,Sporanox
iud,intrauterine device
iva,marsh elder
iva xanthifolia,burweed marsh elder
ivan iii vasilievich,Ivan III
ivan iv vasilievich,Ivan IV
ivan lendl,Lendl
ivan pavlov,Pavlov
ivan petrovich pavlov,Pavlov
ivan sergeevich turgenev,Turgenev
ivan the great,Ivan III
ivan the terrible,Ivan IV
ivan turgenev,Turgenev
ivor armstrong richards,Richards
ivory,tusk
ivory-billed woodpecker,ivorybill
ivory-nut palm,ivory palm
ivory gull,Pagophila eburnea
ivory nut,vegetable ivory
ivory palm,ivory-nut palm
ivory plant,ivory palm
ivory tree,conessi
ivorybill,ivory-billed woodpecker
ivp,intravenous pyelogram
ivry la bataille,Ivry
ivy,common ivy
ivy-leaved geranium,ivy geranium
ivy arum,golden pothos
ivy family,Araliaceae
ivy geranium,ivy-leaved geranium
iw,information warfare
iww,Industrial Workers of the World
ixobrychus exilis,least bittern
ixodes ricinus,sheep-tick
ixodid,hard tick
iyyar,Iyar
iz al-din al-qassam battalions,Qassam Brigades
izaak walton,Walton
izzard,Z
j,joule
j. b. rhine,Rhine
j. b. s. haldane,Haldane
j. c. maxwell,Maxwell
j. craig ventner,Ventner
j. d. salinger,Salinger
j. e. johnston,Johnston
j. edgar hoover,Hoover
j. j. hill,Hill
j. m. barrie,Barrie
j. m. synge,Synge
j. p. morgan,Morgan
j. r. firth,Firth
j.r.r. tolkien,Tolkien
jab,jabbing
jabat al-tahrir al-filistiniyyah,Palestine Liberation Front
jabber,jabbering
jabberer,driveller
jabbering,jabber
jabbing,jab
jabiru,policeman bird
jabiru mycteria,jabiru
jaboncillo,China tree
jaboticaba,jaboticaba tree
jaboticaba tree,jaboticaba
jacaranda,Brazilian rosewood
jacinth,hyacinth
jack,doodly-squat
jack-a-lantern,jack-o-lantern fungus
jack-by-the-hedge,garlic mustard
jack-in-the-pulpit,Indian turnip
jack-o'-lantern,friar's lantern
jack-o-lantern,jack-o-lantern fungus
jack-o-lantern fungus,jack-o-lantern
jack-tar,mariner
jack bean,wonder bean
jack benny,Benny
jack crevalle,crevalle jack
jack dempsey,Dempsey
jack kennedy,Kennedy
jack kerouac,Kerouac
jack ladder,Jacob's ladder
jack lemmon,Lemmon
jack london,London
jack mackerel,horse mackerel
jack nicklaus,Nicklaus
jack oak,blackjack oak
jack pine,Pinus banksiana
jack roosevelt robinson,Robinson
jack salmon,walleye
jack william nicklaus,Nicklaus
jackal,Canis aureus
jackanapes,whippersnapper
jackass,fathead
jackass bat,spotted bat
jackass penguin,Spheniscus demersus
jackboot,Hessian boot
jackdaw,daw
jacket,crown
jacket crown,crown
jackfruit,jackfruit tree
jackfruit tree,jackfruit
jackhammer,air hammer
jackie robinson,Robinson
jacking off,jerking off
jackknife,clasp knife
jackknife-fish,Equetus lanceolatus
jackknife clam,razor clam
jackpot,pot
jacks,jackstones
jackscrew,screw jack
jacksmelt,Atherinopsis californiensis
jacksnipe,half snipe
jackson pollock,Pollock
jackstones,jack
jackstraw,spillikin
jackstraws,spillikins
jacob's staff,ocotillo
jacob epstein,Epstein
jacob harmensen,Arminius
jacobus arminius,Arminius
jacopo robusti,Tintoretto
jacqueline cochran,Cochran
jacques alexandre cesar charles,Charles
jacques anatole francois thibault,France
jacques bernoulli,Bernoulli
jacques cartier,Cartier
jacques charles,Charles
jacques costeau,Cousteau
jacques derrida,Derrida
jacques etienne montgolfier,Montgolfier
jacques francois antoine ibert,Ibert
jacques francois fromental elie halevy,Halevy
jacques germain soufflot,Soufflot
jacques lipchitz,Lipchitz
jacques loeb,Loeb
jacques louis david,David
jacques lucien monod,Monod
jacques marquette,Marquette
jacques monod,Monod
jacques offenbach,Offenbach
jacques tati,Tati
jacques tatischeff,Tati
jacques yves costeau,Cousteau
jacquinia armillaris,bracelet wood
jacquinia keyensis,barbasco
jactation,jactitation
jactitation,boast
jade green,jade
jade vine,emerald creeper
jadestone,jade
jafar,Jaffar
jafar umar thalib,Jaffar
jaffar umar thalib,Jaffar
jag,dag
jagannatha,Jagannath
jagatai,Chagatai
jagganath,Jagannath
jaggary,jaggery
jaggery,jagghery
jaggery palm,wine palm
jagghery,jaggery
jaghatai,Chagatai
jagua,genipap fruit
jaguar,panther
jaguarondi,jaguarundi
jaguarundi,jaguarundi cat
jaguarundi cat,jaguarundi
jahvey,Yahweh
jahweh,Yahweh
jai alai,pelota
jail,jailhouse
jail bird,jailbird
jail cell,cell
jailbird,jail bird
jailbreak,break
jailer,prison guard
jailhouse,jail
jailor,prison guard
jaish-e-muhammad,Jaish-i-Mohammed
jak,jackfruit
jakes,outhouse
jakob-creutzfeldt disease,Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease
jakob behmen,Boehme
jakob bernoulli,Bernoulli
jakob boehm,Boehme
jakob boehme,Boehme
jakob bohme,Boehme
jakob grimm,Grimm
jakob hermandszoon,Arminius
jakob liebmann beer,Meyerbeer
jakob ludwig felix mendelssohn-bartholdy,Mendelssohn
jakob ludwig karl grimm,Grimm
jalapeno,cayenne
jalapeno pepper,jalapeno
jalopy,bus
jalousie,louvered window
jam,fix
jamaica apple,bullock's heart
jamaica bayberry,bayberry
jamaica caper tree,caper tree
jamaica shorts,Bermuda shorts
jamaica sorrel,roselle
jamaican capital,Kingston
jambeau,greave
jamberry,tomatillo
jambon,ham
jamboree,gala
jambosa,rose apple
james a. garfield,Garfield
james abbott mcneill whistler,Whistler
james abraham garfield,Garfield
james agee,Agee
james albert michener,Michener
james alfred van allen,Van Allen
james arthur baldwin,Baldwin
james augustine aloysius joyce,Joyce
james augustus henry murray,Murray
james augustus murray,Murray
james baldwin,Baldwin
james barrie,Barrie
james bernoulli,Bernoulli
james bond,Bond
james boswell,Boswell
james bowie,Bowie
james branch cabell,Cabell
james buchanan,Buchanan
james buchanan brady,Brady
james butler hickock,Hickock
james byron dean,Dean
james cagney,Cagney
james clark ross,Ross
james clerk maxwell,Maxwell
james cleveland owens,Owens
james cook,Cook
james crichton,Crichton
james dean,Dean
james dewey watson,Watson
james douglas morrison,Morrison
james earl carter,Carter
james earl carter jr.,Carter
james edmund scripps,Scripps
james edward meade,Meade
james fenimore cooper,Cooper
james francis thorpe,Thorpe
james franck,Franck
james garfield,Garfield
james george frazer,Frazer
james grover thurber,Thurber
james hargreaves,Hargreaves
james harold doolittle,Doolittle
james harvey robinson,Robinson
james henry leigh hunt,Hunt
james hogg,Hogg
james howard meredith,Meredith
james hutton,Hutton
james i,James
james ii,James
james iv,James
james ives,Ives
james jerome hill,Hill
james john corbett,Corbett
james joseph tunney,Tunney
james joyce,Joyce
james k. polk,Polk
james knox polk,Polk
james langston hughes,Hughes
james leonard farmer,Farmer
james madison,Madison
james maitland stewart,Stewart
james marshall hendrix,Hendrix
james mason,Mason
james matthew barrie,Barrie
james mckeen cattell,Cattell
james meredith,Meredith
james merritt ives,Ives
james michener,Michener
james mill,Mill
james monroe,Monroe
james murray,Murray
james naismith,Naismith
james neville mason,Mason
james parkinson,Parkinson
james polk,Polk
james prescott joule,Joule
james riddle hoffa,Hoffa
james river,James
james scott connors,Connors
james thomas farrell,Farrell
james thomas harris,Harris
james thurber,Thurber
james tobin,Tobin
james usher,Ussher
james ussher,Ussher
james watson,Watson
james watt,Watt
james whitcomb riley,Riley
james william fulbright,Fulbright
james wilson,Wilson
james wyatt,Wyatt
jamestown weed,jimsonweed
jamjar,jampot
jammies,pajama
jamming,electronic jamming
jammu and kashmir,Kashmir
jampot,jamjar
jan,January
jan amos komensky,Comenius
jan christian smuts,Smuts
jan evangelista purkinje,Purkinje
jan hendrix oort,Oort
jan hus,Huss
jan steen,Steen
jan swammerdam,Swammerdam
jan tinbergen,Tinbergen
jan van der meer,Vermeer
jan van eyck,Eyck
jan vermeer,Vermeer
jane austen,Austen
jane fonda,Fonda
jane goodall,Goodall
jane jacobs,Jacobs
jane seymour,Seymour
jangle,jingle
janis joplin,Joplin
january 1,Circumcision
january 19,Robert E Lee's Birthday
january 20,Saint Agnes's Eve
january 6,Epiphany
jap clover,japanese clover
japan bittersweet,Japanese bittersweet
japan cedar,Japanese cedar
japan clover,japanese clover
japan tallow,Japan wax
japanese allspice,Japan allspice
japanese andromeda,andromeda
japanese archipelago,Japan
japanese barnyard millet,Japanese millet
japanese capital,Tokyo
japanese carpet grass,Manila grass
japanese cherry,oriental cherry
japanese chess,Japanese brome
japanese clover,japan clover
japanese islands,Japan
japanese ivy,Boston ivy
japanese lacquer tree,varnish tree
japanese lawn grass,Korean lawn grass
japanese leaf,Chinese evergreen
japanese leek,Welsh onion
japanese lime,Japanese linden
japanese medlar,loquat
japanese radish,radish
japanese rose,multiflora
japanese sumac,varnish tree
japanese table pine,Japanese red pine
japanese varnish tree,varnish tree
jape,joke
japery,buffoonery
japonica,Camellia japonica
jar,jarful
jarful,jar
jargon,slang
jargoon,jargon
jaroslav hasek,Hasek
jarvik artificial heart,Jarvik heart
jasmine tobacco,flowering tobacco
jasminum mesnyi,primrose jasmine
jasminum nudiflorum,winter jasmine
jasminum officinale,common jasmine
jasminum sambac,Arabian jasmine
jasper johns,Johns
jatropha curcus,physic nut
jatropha stimulosus,spurge nettle
jatropha urens,spurge nettle
jaun gris,Gris
jaundice,icterus
jaundice of the newborn,physiological jaundice of the newborn
jaunt,excursion
jauntiness,nattiness
jaunting car,jaunty car
jaunty car,jaunting car
java finch,Java sparrow
java olives,kalumpang
java pepper,cubeb
javel water,Javelle water
javelina,collared peccary
jawaharlal nehru,Nehru
jawbone,lower jaw
jawless fish,jawless vertebrate
jawless vertebrate,jawless fish
jay cooke,Cooke
jay gould,Gould
jaybird,blue jay
jazz,wind
jazz band,jazz group
jazz group,jazz band
jazz musician,jazzman
jazzman,jazz musician
jdam,Joint Direct Attack Munition
jealousy,green-eyed monster
jean,blue jean
jean-baptiste poquelin,Moliere
jean-claude duvalier,Duvalier
jean-frederic joliot,Joliot
jean-frederic joliot-curie,Joliot
jean-jacques rousseau,Rousseau
jean-louis lebris de kerouac,Kerouac
jean-paul sartre,Sartre
jean-philippe rameau,Rameau
jean anouilh,Anouilh
jean antoine watteau,Watteau
jean arp,Arp
jean auguste dominique ingres,Ingres
jean baptiste camille corot,Corot
jean baptiste de lamarck,Lamarck
jean baptiste donatien de vimeur,Rochambeau
jean baptiste joseph fourier,Fourier
jean baptiste lully,Lully
jean baptiste racine,Racine
jean bernard leon foucault,Foucault
jean bernoulli,Bernoulli
jean caulvin,Calvin
jean cauvin,Calvin
jean chauvin,Calvin
jean cocteau,Cocteau
jean de la fontaine,La Fontaine
jean edouard vuillard,Vuillard
jean francois champollion,Champollion
jean francois millet,Millet
jean genet,Genet
jean giraudoux,Giraudoux
jean harlow,Harlow
jean honore fragonard,Fragonard
jean laffite,Laffite
jean lafitte,Laffite
jean louis charles garnier,Garnier
jean louis rodolphe agassiz,Agassiz
jean luc godard,Godard
jean martin charcot,Charcot
jean monnet,Monnet
jean nicholas arthur rimbaud,Rimbaud
jean paul marat,Marat
jean piaget,Piaget
jean racine,Racine
jean sibelius,Sibelius
jeanne antoinette poisson,Pompadour
jeannette rankin,Rankin
jed'dah,Jeddah
jeep,landrover
jeer,jeering
jeerer,scoffer
jefferson davis,Davis
jeffrey's pine,Jeffrey pine
jehad,jihad
jehovah,Yahweh
jejunal artery,intestinal artery
jejuneness,callowness
jejunity,jejuneness
jell-o,jello
jello,Jell-O
jelly,gelatin
jelly bean,jelly egg
jelly doughnut,Berlin doughnut
jelly egg,jelly bean
jelly roll morton,Morton
jellyfish,Portuguese man-of-war
jellyleaf,Queensland hemp
jellyroll,Swiss roll
jem,Jaish-i-Mohammed
jemmy,jimmy
jenghiz khan,Genghis Khan
jennet,jenny
jenny ass,jennet
jenny lind,Lind
jenny wren,wren
jens otto harry jespersen,Jespersen
jeopardy,hazard
jerboa kangaroo,kangaroo jerboa
jeremy bentham,Bentham
jerevan,Yerevan
jerez de la frontera,Jerez
jerk,dork
jerk-off,tosser
jerked meat,jerky
jerker,yanker
jerkiness,fitfulness
jerking off,jacking off
jeroboam i,Jeroboam
jerom bos,Bosch
jerome david kern,Kern
jerome david salinger,Salinger
jerome kern,Kern
jerome robbins,Robbins
jerry,Kraut
jerry lee lewis,Lewis
jersey,New Jersey
jersey fern,annual fern
jersey lillie,Langtry
jersey pine,scrub pine
jerusalem artichoke sunflower,Jerusalem artichoke
jerusalem cricket,sand cricket
jerusalem thorn,Christ's-thorn
jessamine,common jasmine
jesse jackson,Jackson
jesse james,James
jesse louis jackson,Jackson
jesse owens,Owens
jessica lucy mitford,Mitford
jessica mitford,Mitford
jessica tandy,Tandy
jessye norman,Norman
jest,joke
jester,fool
jesuit's bark,cinchona
jesuit order,Society of Jesus
jesuitry,Jesuitism
jesuits' nut,water caltrop
jesus christ,Jesus
jesus of nazareth,Jesus
jet-propelled plane,jet
jet black,coal black
jet plane,jet
jetsam,flotsam
jetty,breakwater
jeune fille,lass
jew's-ears,Jew's-ear
jew's harp,jews' harp
jew-baiter,anti-Semite
jew-bush,Jewbush
jew bush,Jewbush
jewel,gem
jewel casket,casket
jeweled headdress,jewelled headdress
jeweler,jewelry maker
jeweler's loupe,loupe
jewelled headdress,jeweled headdress
jeweller,jewelry maker
jewellery,jewelry
jewelry,jewellery
jewelry dealer,jewelry store
jewelry maker,jeweler
jewelry store,jewelry dealer
jewels-of-opar,Talinum paniculatum
jewelweed,lady's earrings
jewfish,mulloway
jewish new year,Rosh Hashanah
jewish orthodoxy,Orthodox Judaism
jewish religion,Judaism
jewish rye,Jewish rye bread
jews' harp,jew's harp
jfk,Kennedy
jhvh,Yahweh
ji,Jemaah Islamiyah
jibe,shot
jidda,Jeddah
jiddah,Jeddah
jiffy,blink of an eye
jig,gigue
jigaboo,nigger
jigger,shot glass
jiggermast,jigger
jiggery-pokery,trickery
jiggle,joggle
jigsaw,saber saw
jihad,jehad
jillion,million
jim bowie,Bowie
jim corbett,Corbett
jim crow,color bar
jim henson,Henson
jim morrison,Morrison
jim thorpe,Thorpe
jimdandy,jimhickey
jimhickey,jimdandy
jimi hendrix,Hendrix
jimmies,sprinkles
jimmy,jemmy
jimmy cagney,Cagney
jimmy carter,Carter
jimmy conors,Connors
jimmy doolittle,Doolittle
jimmy durante,Durante
jimmy hoffa,Hoffa
jimmy stewart,Stewart
jimson weed,jimsonweed
jimsonweed,jimson weed
jinghis khan,Genghis Khan
jinghpaw,Jinghpo
jingle,jangle
jingo,chauvinist
jingoism,flag waving
jingoist,chauvinist
jinks,high jinks
jinnee,genie
jinni,genie
jinrikisha,ricksha
jinx,jonah
jiqui,Malpighia obovata
jirrbal,Dyirbal
jitney,bus
jitteriness,jumpiness
jitters,heebie-jeebies
jiujitsu,jujutsu
jive,swing
jnd,just-noticeable difference
jnr,Junior
joan crawford,Crawford
joan didion,Didion
joan miro,Miro
joan of arc,Jeanne d'Arc
joan sutherland,Sutherland
job,occupation
job interview,employment interview
jobber,middleman
jock,athlete
jock itch,tinea cruris
jockey cap,baseball cap
jockey shorts,briefs
jockstrap,athletic supporter
jocoseness,jocosity
jocosity,jocularity
jocote,mombin
jocularity,jocundity
jocundity,jocularity
jodhpur,jodhpur boot
jodhpur boot,jodhpur
jodhpur breeches,jodhpurs
jodhpur shoe,jodhpur
jodhpurs,jodhpur breeches
joe bloggs,John Doe
joe blow,John Doe
joe clark,Clark
joe dimaggio,DiMaggio
joe louis,Louis
joel chandler harris,Harris
joel harris,Harris
joewood,barbasco
jog,trot
joggle,dowel
johan august strindberg,Strindberg
johan julius christian sibelius,Sibelius
johan kepler,Kepler
johann bernoulli,Bernoulli
johann christoph friedrich von schiller,Schiller
johann eck,Eck
johann friedrich herbart,Herbart
johann gottfried von herder,Herder
johann gutenberg,Gutenberg
johann joachim winckelmann,Winckelmann
johann ludwig uhland,Uhland
johann maier,Eck
johann maier eck,Eck
johann mendel,Mendel
johann muller,Muller
johann sebastian bach,Bach
johann strauss,Strauss
johann winckelmann,Winckelmann
johann wolfgang von goethe,Goethe
johannes brahms,Brahms
johannes diderik van der waals,van der Waals
johannes eckhart,Eckhart
johannes evangelista purkinje,Purkinje
johannes gutenberg,Gutenberg
johannes kepler,Kepler
johannes peter muller,Muller
johannes van der waals,van der Waals
johannes vilhelm jensen,Jensen
john,toilet
john's cabbage,Virginia waterleaf
john adams,Adams
john addington symonds,Symonds
john amos comenius,Comenius
john anthony ciardi,Ciardi
john augustus roebling,Roebling
john bach mcmaster,McMaster
john bardeen,Bardeen
john barleycorn,liquor
john barrington wain,Wain
john barrymore,Barrymore
john barth,Barth
john bartlett,Bartlett
john bernoulli,Bernoulli
john berry hobbs,Hobbs
john birks gillespie,Gillespie
john broadus watson,Watson
john brown,Brown
john bull,limey
john bunyan,Bunyan
john burdon sanderson haldane,Haldane
john burgoyne,Burgoyne
john c. fremont,Fremont
john cabot,Cabot
john cage,Cage
john calvin,Calvin
john cash,Cash
john chapman,Chapman
john charles fremont,Fremont
john cheever,Cheever
john churchill,Churchill
john ciardi,Ciardi
john constable,Constable
john copley,Copley
john cowper powys,Powys
john d. rockefeller,Rockefeller
john dalton,Dalton
john davis,Davys
john davison rockefeller,Rockefeller
john davys,Davys
john deere,Deere
john dewey,Dewey
john donald budge,Budge
john donne,Donne
john dos passos,Dos Passos
john dowland,Dowland
john drew,Drew
john dryden,Dryden
john duns scotus,Duns Scotus
john eccles,Eccles
john edgar hoover,Hoover
john edward masefield,Masefield
john endecott,Endecott
john endicott,Endecott
john ernst steinbeck,Steinbeck
john fitzgerald kennedy,Kennedy
john fletcher,Fletcher
john florio,Florio
john ford,Ford
john foster dulles,Dulles
john galbraith,Galbraith
john galsworthy,Galsworthy
john glenn,Glenn
john greenleaf whittier,Whittier
john griffith chaney,London
john haldane,Haldane
john hancock,Hancock
john hanning speke,Speke
john harvard,Harvard
john hasbrouck van vleck,Van Vleck
john heming,Heming
john hemminge,Heming
john henry newman,Newman
john henry o'hara,O'Hara
john herschel,Herschel
john herschel glenn jr.,Glenn
john hope franklin,Franklin
john howard northrop,Northrop
john hoyer updike,Updike
john huss,Huss
john huston,Huston
john irving,Irving
john jacob astor,Astor
john james audubon,Audubon
john james osborne,Osborne
john james rickard macleod,Macleod
john jay,Jay
john joseph mcgraw,McGraw
john joseph pershing,Pershing
john keats,Keats
john keble,Keble
john kenneth galbraith,Galbraith
john knox,Knox
john l. h. down,Down
john l. lewis,Lewis
john lackland,John
john le carre,le Carre
john lennon,Lennon
john llewelly lewis,Lewis
john locke,Locke
john luther jones,Jones
john lyly,Lyly
john m. browning,Browning
john macleod,Macleod
john major,Major
john marquand,Marquand
john marshall,Marshall
john marstan,Marstan
john masefield,Masefield
john maynard keynes,Keynes
john mccormick,McCormick
john mcgraw,McGraw
john mercer,Mercer
john merven carrere,Carrere
john mill,Mill
john millington synge,Synge
john milton,Milton
john milton cage jr.,Cage
john mitchell,Mitchell
john moses browning,Browning
john muir,Muir
john napier,Napier
john orley allen tate,Tate
john osborne,Osborne
john paul jones,Jones
john philip marquand,Marquand
john philip sousa,Sousa
john pierpont morgan,Morgan
john quincy adams,Adams
john r. major,Major
john reed,Reed
john robinson jeffers,Jeffers
john rock,Rock
john roderigo dos passos,Dos Passos
john roebling,Roebling
john ronald reuel tolkien,Tolkien
john ross,Ross
john rowlands,Stanley
john roy major,Major
john rupert firth,Firth
john ruskin,Ruskin
john rutledge,Rutledge
john scopes,Scopes
john scott haldane,Haldane
john simmons barth,Barth
john singer sargent,Sargent
john singleton copley,Copley
john smith,Smith
john speke,Speke
john steinbeck,Steinbeck
john stuart mill,Mill
john the divine,John
john the evangelist,John
john thomas scopes,Scopes
john tradescant,Tradescant
john trumbull,Trumbull
john tuzo wilson,Wilson
john tyler,Tyler
john tyndall,Tyndall
john uhler,Lemmon
john updike,Updike
john van vleck,Van Vleck
john vanbrugh,Vanbrugh
john venn,Venn
john von neumann,von Neumann
john wain,Wain
john walker,Walker
john wanamaker,Wanamaker
john wayne,Wayne
john webster,Webster
john wesley,Wesley
john wickliffe,Wycliffe
john wiclif,Wycliffe
john wilkes,Wilkes
john wilkes booth,Booth
john william strutt,Rayleigh
john witherspoon,Witherspoon
john wyclif,Wycliffe
john wycliffe,Wycliffe
johnny,Rebel
johnny-jump-up,wild pansy
johnny appleseed,Chapman
johnny cake,johnnycake
johnny cash,Cash
johnny reb,Rebel
johnnycake,johnny cake
johns hopkins,Hopkins
join,articulation
joinery,cabinetmaking
joining,connection
joint author,coauthor
joint chiefs,Joint Chiefs of Staff
joint fir,ephedra
joint hinge,strap hinge
joint snake,glass lizard
jointed charlock,wild radish
jointed rush,Juncus articulatus
jointer,jointer plane
jointer plane,jointer
jointing plane,jointer
jointure,legal jointure
jointworm,strawworm
joke,gag
joker,jokester
jokester,joker
joliet,Jolliet
jollification,merrymaking
jolliness,jollity
jollity,jolliness
jolly boat,jolly
jolly roger,black flag
jolt,jar
jomada i,Jumada I
jomada ii,Jumada II
jomo kenyata,Kenyata
jonas edward salk,Salk
jonas salk,Salk
jonathan edwards,Edwards
jonathan swift,Swift
jonathan trumbull,Trumbull
jongleur,folk singer
jonquil,Narcissus jonquilla
jons jakob berzelius,Berzelius
jook,congee
jook house,juke
jook joint,juke
joppa,Jaffa
jordan curve,simple closed curve
jordan river,Jordan
jordanella floridae,flagfish
jorge borges,Borges
jorge luis borges,Borges
jorge mario pedro vargas llosa,Vargas Llosa
joroslav heyrovsky,Heyrovsky
jose clemente orozco,Orozco
jose julian marti,Marti
jose orozco,Orozco
jose ortega y gasset,Ortega y Gasset
josef albers,Albers
josef hoffmann,Hoffmann
josef michel montgolfier,Montgolfier
josef von sternberg,von Sternberg
joseph's coat,painted nettle
joseph alois schumpeter,Schumpeter
joseph banks rhine,Rhine
joseph ben matthias,Josephus
joseph black,Black
joseph campbell,Campbell
joseph conrad,Conrad
joseph deems taylor,Taylor
joseph eggleston johnston,Johnston
joseph emerson worcester,Worcester
joseph francis keaton,Keaton
joseph goebbels,Goebbels
joseph greenberg,Greenberg
joseph haydn,Haydn
joseph heller,Heller
joseph henry,Henry
joseph hilaire peter belloc,Belloc
joseph hooker,Hooker
joseph jacques cesaire joffre,Joffre
joseph joachim,Joachim
joseph john thomson,Thomson
joseph lincoln steffens,Steffens
joseph lister,Lister
joseph louis barrow,Louis
joseph louis gay-lussac,Gay-Lussac
joseph m. jacquard,Jacquard
joseph mallord william turner,Turner
joseph marie jacquard,Jacquard
joseph mccarthy,McCarthy
joseph oliver,Oliver
joseph paul dimaggio,DiMaggio
joseph paxton,Paxton
joseph priestley,Priestley
joseph pulitzer,Pulitzer
joseph raymond mccarthy,McCarthy
joseph rudyard kipling,Kipling
joseph schumpeter,Schumpeter
joseph smith,Smith
joseph stalin,Stalin
joseph warren stilwell,Stilwell
josh billings,Shaw
josiah quincy,Quincy
josiah spode,Spode
josiah wedgwood,Wedgwood
josiah willard gibbs,Gibbs
josip broz,Tito
jostle,jostling
jostling,jostle
josue,Joshua
jot,jotting
jotting,jot
jotunn,Jotun
joule,J
jounce,jolt
journal,diary
journalism,news media
journalist,diarist
journey,journeying
journey cake,johnnycake
journeyer,wayfarer
journeying,journey
journeyman,craftsman
joust,tilt
jove,Jupiter
joviality,jollity
jowl,lower jaw
joy,joyousness
joyce carol oates,Oates
joyfulness,joy
joyousness,joy
joystick,stick
jr,Junior
jra,Japanese Red Army
juan carlos victor maria de borbon y borbon,Juan Carlos
juan domingo peron,Peron
juan ponce de leon,Ponce de Leon
juan ramon jimenez,Jimenez
juarez,Ciudad Juarez
jubbulpore,Jabalpur
jubilance,exultation
jubilancy,exultation
jubilation,exultation
juda,Judah
judaea,Judea
judas,Jude
judas iscariot,Judas
judge,justice
judge's robe,academic gown
judgement,opinion
judgement by default,default judgment
judgement day,Judgment Day
judgement in personam,judgment in personam
judgement in rem,judgment in rem
judgement of dismissal,judgment of dismissal
judgement on the merits,judgment on the merits
judgement on the pleadings,summary judgment
judgeship,judicature
judging,judgment
judgment,judgement
judgment by default,default judgment
judgment in personam,judgement in personam
judgment in rem,judgement in rem
judgment of conviction,conviction
judgment of dismissal,judgement of dismissal
judgment on the merits,judgement on the merits
judgment on the pleadings,summary judgment
judicatory,judiciary
judicature,court
judicial activism,broad interpretation
judicial admission,stipulation
judicial decision,judgment
judicial doctrine,legal principle
judicial principle,legal principle
judicial proceeding,litigation
judicial sale,sheriff's sale
judicial separation,legal separation
judicial system,judiciary
judicial writ,writ
judiciary,bench
judiciousness,sagacity
judith jamison,Jamison
judy garland,Garland
jug,jugful
jugal bone,cheekbone
jugal point,jugale
jugale,jugal point
jugful,jug
juggernaut,steamroller
juggle,juggling
juggling,juggle
juglans californica,California black walnut
juglans cinerea,butternut
juglans nigra,black walnut
juglans regia,English walnut
jugoslav,Yugoslav
jugoslavian,Yugoslav
jugoslavija,Serbia and Montenegro
jugular vein,vena jugularis
juice,succus
juice reamer,reamer
juicer,drinker
juiciness,succulence
jujitsu,jujutsu
juju,voodoo
jujube,jujube bush
jujube bush,jujube
jujutsu,jujitsu
juke,jook
juke house,juke
juke joint,juke
jukebox,nickelodeon
julep,mint julep
jules alfred huot de goncourt,Goncourt
jules de goncourt,Goncourt
jules emile frederic massenet,Massenet
jules feifer,Feifer
jules verne,Verne
julia evelina smith,Smith
julia ward howe,Howe
julian bond,Bond
julian the apostate,Julian
julienne,julienne vegetable
julienne vegetable,julienne
julio iglesias,Iglesias
julius caesar,Caesar
julius erving,Erving
julius marx,Marx
julius ullman,Fairbanks
julius winfield erving,Erving
july 1,Dominion Day
july 4,Independence Day
jumbal,jumble
jumbie bead,jumby bead
jumble,clutter
jumble sale,rummage sale
jumbo jet,jumbojet
jumbojet,jumbo jet
jumby bead,jumbie bead
jumby bean,bead tree
jumby tree,bead tree
jument,beast of burden
jump,leap
jump-start,jumpstart
jump rope,skip rope
jump shot,jumper
jump suit,jumpsuit
jumper,sweater
jumper cable,jumper lead
jumper lead,jumper cable
jumpiness,jitteriness
jumping,jump
jumping-off place,point of departure
jumping-off point,springboard
jumping bean,jumping seed
jumping bristletail,machilid
jumping gene,transposon
jumping orchid,Catasetum macrocarpum
jumping plant louse,psylla
jumping seed,jumping bean
jumpstart,jump-start
jumpsuit,jump suit
juncaginaceae,Scheuchzeriaceae
junco,snowbird
junco hyemalis,dark-eyed junco
junction,conjunction
junction barrier,barrier strip
junction rectifier,diode
junction transistor,transistor
juncture,occasion
juncus articulatus,jointed rush
juncus bufonius,toad rush
juncus effusus,bulrush
juncus inflexus,hard rush
juncus leseurii,salt rush
juncus tenuis,slender rush
june 14,Flag Day
june 21,summer solstice
june 23,Midsummer Eve
june 24,Midsummer Day
june 29,Saints Peter and Paul
june 3,Jefferson Davis' Birthday
june bug,June beetle
june grass,Kentucky bluegrass
jungle,hobo camp
jungle cat,Felis chaus
jungle fowl,gallina
junior high,junior high school
junior high school,junior high
junior varsity,JV
juniper,retem
juniper berries,juniper berry
juniper bush,retem
junipero serra,Serra
juniperus bermudiana,Bermuda cedar
juniperus communis,common juniper
juniperus communis depressa,ground cedar
juniperus flaccida,Mexican juniper
juniperus horizontalis,creeping juniper
juniperus procera,east African cedar
juniperus sabina,dwarf juniper
juniperus silicicola,southern red cedar
juniperus virginiana,eastern red cedar
junk,debris
junk bond,high-yield bond
junk e-mail,spam
junk heap,garbage heap
junk pile,garbage heap
junket,excursion
junkie,drug addict
junky,drug addict
junta,military junta
junto,cabal
jupati,jupaty
jupati palm,jupati
jupaty,jupati
jupiter fulminator,Jupiter Fulgur
jurassic period,Jurassic
jurisdiction,legal power
jurisprudence,law
jurist,legal expert
juror,juryman
jury,panel
juryman,juror
jurywoman,juror
jus civile,Roman law
jussive mood,imperative mood
just-noticeable difference,jnd
just deserts,poetic justice
just the ticket,ticket
justice,justness
justice department,Department of Justice
justiciar,justiciary
justiciary,justiciar
justifier,apologist
justinian code,Roman law
justinian i,Justinian
justinian the great,Justinian
justness,rightness
jut,bulge
jutish,Kentish
juvenile-onset diabetes,type I diabetes
juvenile amaurotic idiocy,Spielmeyer-Vogt disease
juvenile delinquency,delinquency
juvenile delinquent,delinquent
juvenile diabetes,type I diabetes
juvenile person,juvenile
juvenile rheumatoid arthritis,Still's disease
juvenility,callowness
juxtaposition,apposition
jv,junior varsity
jyaistha,Jeth
jylland,Jutland
k'ung futzu,Confucius
k-dur 20,potassium chloride
k-lor,potassium chloride
k-lyte,potassium chloride
k-meson,kaon
k.e.,kinetic energy
k particle,kaon
kabala,cabala
kabbala,cabala
kabbalah,cabala
kabbalist,cabalist
kabob,kebab
kabolin,nandrolone
kach,Kahane Chai
kachinic,Kachin
kadai language,Kadai
kadikoy,Chalcedon
kaffir,great millet
kaffir boom,Transvaal kafferboom
kaffir bread,Encephalartos caffer
kaffir cat,caffer cat
kaffir corn,great millet
kaffir pox,alastrim
kafir,kaffir
kafir corn,great millet
kafocin,cephaloglycin
kaftan,caftan
kahikatea,New Zealand Dacryberry
kahlil gibran,Gibran
kahoolawe island,Kahoolawe
kail,kale
kainogenesis,cenogenesis
kaiser bill,Wilhelm II
kaiser wilhelm,Wilhelm II
kakatoe galerita,sulphur-crested cockatoo
kakatoe leadbeateri,pink cockatoo
kaki,Japanese persimmon
kala-azar,visceral leishmaniasis
kala azar,leishmaniasis
kalaallit nunaat,Greenland
kalahari desert,Kalahari
kalantas,Philippine mahogany
kalapuya,Kalapooia
kalapuyan,Kalapooian
kale,boodle
kali,saltwort
kalian,hookah
kalif,caliph
kalimantan,Indonesian Borneo
kaliph,caliph
kaliuresis,kaluresis
kalka,Khalkha
kalmia angustifolia,sheep laurel
kalmia latifolia,mountain laurel
kalmia polifolia,swamp laurel
kalpac,calpac
kalumpang,Java olives
kaluresis,kaliuresis
kam-tai,Kadai
kam muang,Tai Yuan
kamehameha the great,Kamehameha I
kampong,campong
kampuchea,Cambodia
kan river,Gan Jiang
kanaf,kenaf
kanamycin,Kantrex
kanawha river,Kanawha
kanchanjanga,Kanchenjunga
kanchil,Tragulus kanchil
kandinski,Kandinsky
kangaroo's-foot,kangaroo paw
kangaroo's paw,kangaroo paw
kangaroo-foot plant,kangaroo paw
kangaroo apple,poroporo
kangaroo bear,koala
kangaroo hare,hare wallaby
kangaroo jerboa,jerboa kangaroo
kangaroo mouse,dwarf pocket rat
kangaroo paw,kangaroo's paw
kangaroo rat,desert rat
kansas river,Kansas
kansu,Gansu
kantrex,kanamycin
kaochlor,potassium chloride
kaolin,china clay
kaoline,china clay
kaon,kappa-meson
kapok,silk cotton
kaposi's varicelliform eruption,eczema vaccinatum
kappa-meson,kaon
kapsiki,Higi
kapuka,Griselinia littoralis
karabiner,carabiner
karakoram range,Karakoram
karakorum range,Karakoram
karakul,broadtail
karat,carat
karaya gum,sterculia gum
karbala,Kerbala
karel capek,Capek
karen blixen,Dinesen
karen danielsen horney,Horney
karen horney,Horney
karenic,Karen
karl-marx-stadt,Chemnitz
karl adolf eichmann,Eichmann
karl adolph verner,Verner
karl alex muller,Muller
karl augustus menninger,Menninger
karl baedeker,Baedeker
karl barth,Barth
karl czerny,Czerny
karl friedrich gauss,Gauss
karl friedrich hieronymus von munchhausen,Munchhausen
karl gauss,Gauss
karl gjellerup,Gjellerup
karl gunnar myrdal,Myrdal
karl gustav jacob jacobi,Jacobi
karl jaspers,Jaspers
karl landsteiner,Landsteiner
karl linne,Linnaeus
karl marx,Marx
karl menninger,Menninger
karl popper,Popper
karl rudolf gerd von rundstedt,Rundstedt
karl scheele,Scheele
karl theodor jaspers,Jaspers
karl von clausewitz,Clausewitz
karl von frisch,Frisch
karl waldemar ziegler,Ziegler
karl wernicke,Wernicke
karl wilhelm scheele,Scheele
karl wilhelm siemens,Siemens
karol wojtyla,John Paul II
karttika,Kartik
karttikeya,Kartikeya
karyon,nucleus
karyoplasm,nucleoplasm
kasai river,Kasai
kasbah,casbah
kashmir goat,Cashmere goat
kaspar friedrich wolff,Wolff
kat,khat
katabatic wind,catabatic wind
katabolism,catabolism
katar,Qatar
katar peninsula,Qatar
kate chopin,Chopin
kate o'flaherty chopin,Chopin
kate smith,Smith
katharine hepburn,Hepburn
katharine houghton hepburn,Hepburn
katharsis,catharsis
katherine anne porter,Porter
katherine cornell,Cornell
katherine mansfield,Mansfield
kathleen mansfield beauchamp,Mansfield
kathryn elizabeth smith,Smith
katmandu,Kathmandu
katsura tree,Cercidiphyllum japonicum
katsushika hokusai,Hokusai
katsuwonus pelamis,bonito
katzenjammer,hangover
kauai island,Kauai
kauri,kauri copal
kauri copal,kauri
kauri gum,kauri
kauri pine,dammar pine
kauri resin,kauri
kaury,kauri
kava,kavakava
kavakava,kava
kavir desert,Dasht-e-Kavir
kavrin,papaverine
kaw river,Kansas
kawaka,Libocedrus plumosa
kay boyle,Boyle
kayo,knockout
kazakh,Kazak
kazakstan,Kazakhstan
kazimir malevich,Malevich
kazimir severinovich malevich,Malevich
kb,kilobit
kbit,kilobit
kbo,Kuiper belt object
kc,kilohertz
kea,Nestor notabilis
keb,Geb
kebab,kabob
kechua,Quechua
keel arch,ogee arch
keeled garlic,Allium carinatum
keenness,acuteness
keep,support
keeper,custodian
keeping,guardianship
keepsake,souvenir
keflex,cephalexin
keflin,cephalexin
keftab,cephalexin
keg,kegful
kegful,keg
kei apple,kei apple bush
kei apple bush,kei apple
keister,buttocks
keith rupert murdoch,Murdoch
kekule formula,benzene formula
keloid,cheloid
kelp greenling,Hexagrammos decagrammus
kelpie,kelpy
kelpwort,saltwort
kelpy,kelpie
kelt,Celt
kelter,kilter
kelvin,K
kemadrin,procyclidine
kemal ataturk,Ataturk
kemal pasha,Ataturk
ken,cognizance
ken elton kesey,Kesey
ken kesey,Kesey
ken russell,Russell
kenaf,deccan hemp
kenalog,triamcinolone
kendal,Kendal green
kendall's tau,tau coefficient of correlation
kendall rank correlation,tau coefficient of correlation
kennedia coccinea,coral vine
kennedia prostrata,scarlet runner
kennedy international airport,Kennedy
kennedy interrnational,Kennedy
kennedya,Kennedia
kennel,doghouse
kennelly-heaviside layer,Heaviside layer
kenneth bancroft clark,Clark
kenneth clark,Clark
kenneth david kaunda,Kaunda
kenneth grahame,Grahame
kenneth kaunda,Kaunda
kenneth roberts,Roberts
keno,lotto
kenogenesis,cenogenesis
kentan,tiger lily
kentucky blue,Kentucky bluegrass
kentucky wonder bean,Kentucky wonder
kentucy blue grass,Kentucky bluegrass
kenya fever,Marseilles fever
kenzo tange,Tange
kepi,peaked cap
kepler's law of planetary motion,Kepler's law
kept woman,mistress
keratin,ceratin
keratinisation,keratinization
keratinization,keratinisation
keratoderma,keratodermia
keratoderma blennorrhagica,keratosis blennorrhagica
keratodermia,keratoderma
keratoplasty,corneal graft
keratosis blennorrhagica,keratoderma blennorrhagica
keratosis follicularis,Darier's disease
keratosis nigricans,acanthosis nigricans
kerb,curb
kerbela,Kerbala
kerbstone,curbstone
kerfuffle,disturbance
kernel,meat
kerosene,kerosine
kerosene heater,oil heater
kerosene lamp,oil lamp
kerosine,kerosene
kerosine heater,oil heater
kerosine lamp,oil lamp
kerugma,kerygma
kerygma,kerugma
kestrel,sparrow hawk
ketalar,ketamine
ketamine,ketamine hydrochloride
ketamine hydrochloride,ketamine
ketchup,catsup
ketchup bottle,catsup bottle
ketembilla,kitembilla
ketembilla tree,ketembilla
ketoacidosis,diabetic acidosis
ketoacidosis-prone diabetes,type I diabetes
ketoacidosis-resistant diabetes,type II diabetes
ketoacidosis-resistant diabetes mellitus,type II diabetes
ketoaciduria,ketonuria
ketone body,acetone body
ketonemia,ketosis
ketonuria,ketoaciduria
ketoprofen,Orudis
ketorolac,Torodal
ketorolac tromethamine,Acular
ketosis,ketonemia
ketosis-prone diabetes,type I diabetes
ketosis-resistant diabetes,type II diabetes
ketosis-resistant diabetes mellitus,type II diabetes
kettle,boiler
kettle hole,kettle
kettle of fish,fix
kettledrum,kettle
kettleful,kettle
ketubim,Hagiographa
keurboom,Virgilia divaricata
key fruit,samara
key palm,silvertop palmetto
key pattern,fret
key signature,signature
key stroke,keystroke
keyhole limpet,Fissurella apertura
keynote,tonic
keynote address,keynote speech
keynote speech,keynote address
keypad,computer keyboard
keystone,anchor
keystone state,Pennsylvania
keystone stater,Pennsylvanian
keystroke,key stroke
kg,kilogram
kgb,Committee for State Security
khadafy,Qaddafi
khaddar,khadi
khadi,khaddar
khakis,khaki
khalif,caliph
khalifah,caliph
khalka,Khalkha
khan,caravansary
khanty,Ostyak
kharkiv,Kharkov
khat,kat
khayr ad-din,Barbarossa
khesari,grass pea
khi,chi
khios,Chios
khirghiz,Kirghiz
khoikhoi,Khoikhoin
khoisan language,Khoisan
khufu,Cheops
khz,kilohertz
ki,qi
kiaat,bloodwood tree
kiang,Equus kiang
kib,kilobyte
kibibit,kibit
kibibyte,kilobyte
kibit,kibibit
kick,boot
kick start,kick starter
kick starter,kick start
kicking,kick
kickoff,beginning
kickshaw,dainty
kicksorter,pulse height analyzer
kid,child
kid glove,suede glove
kiddie porn,child pornography
kiddy porn,child pornography
kidnaper,kidnapper
kidnapper,kidnaper
kidnapping,snatch
kidney bean,frijol
kidney begonia,beefsteak begonia
kidney disease,renal disorder
kidney failure,renal failure
kidney fern,Trichomanes reniforme
kidney stone,urinary calculus
kidney vetch,Anthyllis vulneraria
kidney wort,coyote brush
kidskin,kid
kieselguhr,diatomaceous earth
kiev,Kyyiv
kiggelaria africana,wild peach
kike,hymie
kikladhes,Cyclades
kildeer,killdeer
kiley,kylie
kiliwi,Kiliwa
kill,killing
kill zone,killing zone
killdeer,kildeer
killdeer plover,killdeer
killer,slayer
killer bee,Africanized bee
killer cell,killer T cell
killer whale,killer
killing zone,kill zone
killjoy,spoilsport
kilo,kilogram
kilobit,kbit
kilobyte,K
kilocalorie,Calorie
kilocycle,kilohertz
kilocycle per second,kilohertz
kilogram,kg
kilogram calorie,Calorie
kilohertz,kHz
kiloliter,kilolitre
kilolitre,kiloliter
kilometer,kilometre
kilometers per hour,kilometres per hour
kilometre,kilometer
kilometres per hour,kilometers per hour
kilovolt,kV
kilowatt,kW
kilowatt hour,kW-hr
kilter,kelter
kin group,kin
kinaesthesia,kinesthesia
kinaesthesis,kinesthesis
kinchinjunga,Kanchenjunga
kind-heartedness,kindheartedness
kindergartener,preschooler
kindergartner,preschooler
kindheartedness,kind-heartedness
kindliness,helpfulness
kindling,tinder
kindness,forgivingness
kine,cattle
kinescope,picture tube
kinesthesia,kinaesthesia
kinesthesis,kinaesthesis
kinesthetics,kinesthesis
kinetic energy,K.E.
kinetic theory,kinetic theory of gases
kinetic theory of gases,kinetic theory
kinetics,dynamics
kinetochore,centromere
kinetosis,motion sickness
kinfolk,family
king,male monarch
king's evil,scrofula
king's spear,yellow asphodel
king arthur,Arthur
king arthur's round table,Round Table
king begonia,rex begonia
king camp gilette,Gillette
king cobra,hamadryad
king crab,Alaska king crab
king devil,yellow hawkweed
king ferdinand,Ferdinand
king fern,crepe fern
king harold i,Harold I
king harold ii,Harold II
king hussein,Hussein
king james,James
king james bible,Authorized Version
king james i,James
king james version,Authorized Version
king john,John
king lear,Lear
king mackerel,cavalla
king nut,big shellbark
king nut hickory,big shellbark
king oedipus,Oedipus
king of beasts,lion
king of great britain,King of England
king of swing,Goodman
king of the herring,oarfish
king oliver,Oliver
king orange,temple orange
king penguin,Aptenodytes patagonica
king protea,honeypot
king salmon,chinook salmon
king snake,kingsnake
king vulture,Sarcorhamphus papa
king whiting,Menticirrhus americanus
kingbird,Tyrannus tyrannus
kingbolt,kingpin
kingcup,marsh marigold
kingdom,land
kingdom animalia,Animalia
kingdom fungi,Fungi
kingdom monera,Monera
kingdom of belgium,Belgium
kingdom of bhutan,Bhutan
kingdom of cambodia,Cambodia
kingdom of denmark,Denmark
kingdom of lesotho,Lesotho
kingdom of morocco,Morocco
kingdom of nepal,Nepal
kingdom of norway,Norway
kingdom of saudi arabia,Saudi Arabia
kingdom of spain,Spain
kingdom of swaziland,Swaziland
kingdom of sweden,Sweden
kingdom of thailand,Thailand
kingdom of the netherlands,Netherlands
kingdom of tonga,Tonga
kingdom plantae,Plantae
kingdom prokaryotae,Monera
kingdom protoctista,Protoctista
kingfish,cero
kingfisher daisy,Felicia bergeriana
kingmaker,Warwick
kingpin,top banana
kingsnake,king snake
kingston-upon hull,Hull
kingwood,kingwood tree
kingwood tree,kingwood
kinin,cytokinin
kink,crick
kinkajou,honey bear
kino,gum kino
kino gum,kino
kinsfolk,family
kinship,affinity
kinship group,kin
kinsperson,kin
kiosk,booth
kip,upstart
kipper,kippered herring
kippered herring,kipper
kirghizia,Kyrgyzstan
kirghizstan,Kyrgyzstan
kirgiz,Kirghiz
kirgizia,Kyrgyzstan
kirgizstan,Kyrgyzstan
kirkia wilmsii,pepper tree
kishke,stuffed derma
kismat,kismet
kismet,kismat
kiss,buss
kiss-me-over-the-garden-gate,prince's-feather
kiss curl,spit curl
kiss of life,cardiopulmonary resuscitation
kiss of peace,pax
kisser,osculator
kissimmee river,Kissimmee
kissing,caressing
kissing bug,conenose
kissing cousin,kissing kin
kissing disease,infectious mononucleosis
kissing kin,kissing cousin
kit,outfit
kit and boodle,whole shebang
kit and caboodle,whole shebang
kit bag,kitbag
kit carson,Carson
kit fox,Vulpes macrotis
kitambilla,ketembilla
kitbag,kit bag
kitchen cabinet,brain trust
kitchen garden,vegetable garden
kitchen midden,eitchen midden
kitchen police,KP
kitchen range,stove
kitchen stove,stove
kitembilla,ketembilla
kitten,kitty
kittul,wine palm
kitty,pool
kitty-cat,kitty
kitul,wine palm
kitul tree,wine palm
kiwi,Chinese gooseberry
kiwi fruit,kiwi
kiwi vine,Chinese gooseberry
kizil kum,Kyzyl Kum
kkk,Ku Klux Klan
klamath river,Klamath
klammath weed,Hypericum perforatum
klan,Ku Klux Klan
klaus fuchs,Fuchs
klavier,clavier
klaxon,claxon
klebs-loeffler bacillus,Corynebacterium diphtheriae
klemens metternich,Metternich
klick,kilometer
klinefelter syndrome,Klinefelter's syndrome
klorvess,potassium chloride
klotho,Clotho
kluxer,Klansman
km,kilometer
km/h,kilometers per hour
knack,bent
knackwurst,knockwurst
knapsack,backpack
knave,rogue
knavery,dishonesty
knawe,knawel
knawel,knawe
knee,knee joint
knee-hi,knee-high
knee-jerk reflex,knee jerk
knee bend,squat
knee breeches,breeches
knee jerk,knee-jerk reflex
knee joint,knee
knee pants,breeches
kneecap,patella
kneel,kneeling
kneeling,kneel
kneepan,patella
knesseth,Knesset
knickerbockers,breeches
knickers,breeches
knickknack,novelty
knickknackery,bric-a-brac
knife,tongue
knife-handle,razor clam
knife edge,cutting edge
knife fight,snickersnee
knife thrust,stab
knight,horse
knight bachelor,bachelor-at-arms
knight banneret,knight of the square flag
knight errantry,quixotism
knight of the square flag,knight banneret
knightliness,chivalry
kniphofia,tritoma
kniphofia praecox,red-hot poker
kniphofia uvaria,poker plant
knit,knit stitch
knit stitch,knit
knitting,knit
knitwork,knit
knob,boss
knob celery,celeriac
knobcone pine,Pinus attenuata
knobkerrie,knobkerry
knobkerry,knobkerrie
knock,knocking
knock-knee,genu valgum
knock rummy,gin
knocker,detractor
knocking,knock
knockoff,clone
knockout punch,haymaker
knockwurst,knackwurst
knoll,mound
knot,gnarl
knotgrass,Paspalum distichum
knotted marjoram,sweet marjoram
knottiness,complicatedness
know-all,know-it-all
know-it-all,know-all
know-nothing party,American Party
know nothing,ignoramus
knower,apprehender
knowingness,awareness
knowledge,cognition
knowledge base,knowledge domain
knowledge domain,knowledge base
knowledgeability,knowledgeableness
knowledgeableness,knowledgeability
knuckle,knuckle joint
knuckle duster,brass knucks
knuckle joint,knuckle
knuckleball,knuckler
knucklebones,jacks
knucklehead,dunce
knuckler,knuckleball
knuckles,brass knucks
knucks,brass knucks
knut,Canute
knut hamsun,Hamsun
knut pedersen,Hamsun
ko,knockout
ko punch,haymaker
koala,koala bear
koala bear,koala
kob,Kobus kob
kobenhavn,Copenhagen
kobus kob,kob
kobus leche,lechwe
kochia,Bassia
kochia scoparia,summer cypress
kodiak bear,Alaskan brown bear
kodiak island,Kodiak
koellia,Pycnanthemum
kogia breviceps,pygmy sperm whale
kogia simus,dwarf sperm whale
kohlrabi,Brassica oleracea gongylodes
kok-saghyz,Russian dandelion
kok-sagyz,Russian dandelion
kola,kola nut
kola nut,cola nut
kola nut tree,kola
kolkwitzia amabilis,beauty bush
koln,Cologne
komodo lizard,Komodo dragon
kon tiki,balsa raft
konakri,Conakry
kong the master,Confucius
kongfuze,Confucius
konini,tree fuchsia
konoye,Konoe
konrad adenauer,Adenauer
konrad lorenz,Lorenz
konrad von gesner,Gesner
konrad zacharias lorenz,Lorenz
konstantin sergeevich alekseev,Stanislavsky
konstantin sergeyevich stanislavsky,Stanislavsky
konstantin stanislavsky,Stanislavsky
koodoo,kudu
kook,odd fellow
kookaburra,laughing jackass
kopeck,kopek
kopek,kopeck
kopje,koppie
koppie,kopje
kor,homer
kore,Persephone
korea strait,Korean Strait
korean peninsula,Korea
korean velvet grass,mascarene grass
korinthos,Corinth
korsakoff's psychosis,alcoholic dementia
korsakoff's syndrome,alcoholic dementia
korsakov's psychosis,alcoholic dementia
korsakov's syndrome,alcoholic dementia
kos,coss
kosciuszko,Kosciusko
kosteletzya virginica,salt marsh mallow
kotar,Kota
kotex,sanitary napkin
kotow,kowtow
koudou,kudu
koumiss,kumis
kovna,Kaunas
kovno,Kaunas
koweit,Kuwait
kowhai,Sophora tetraptera
kowtow,kotow
kp,kitchen police
kph,kilometers per hour
kr,krypton
kraft,kraft paper
kraft paper,kraft
krakatao,Krakatau
krakatoa,Krakatau
krakau,Cracow
krakow,Cracow
krauthead,Kraut
krebs citric acid cycle,Krebs cycle
krigia bulbosa,dwarf dandelion
krigia dandelion,dwarf dandelion
kris,creese
kriss kringle,Santa Claus
kriti,Crete
krona,Swedish krona
krone,Norwegian krone
krubi,titan arum
krummhorn,crumhorn
krung thep,Bangkok
krypton,Kr
krzysztof kieslowski,Kieslowski
ks,Kansas
kt,karat
ku-chiku,giant timber bamboo
ku kluxer,Klansman
kuan yin,Kwan-yin
kuangchou,Guangzhou
kubla khan,Kublai Khan
kublai kaan,Kublai Khan
kuchean dialect,Kuchean
kudos,praise
kudu,koodoo
kudu lily,impala lily
kudzu,kudzu vine
kudzu vine,kudzu
kuenlun,Kunlun
kuenlun mountains,Kunlun
kukenaam,Cuquenan
kukenaam falls,Cuquenan
kuki-chin,Kuki
kulun,Ulan Bator
kumis,koumiss
kumquat,cumquat
kumquat tree,kumquat
kund johan victor rasmussen,Rasmussen
kunlan shan,Kunlun
kunlun mountains,Kunlun
kura river,Kura
kurakkan,finger millet
kurchee,ivory tree
kurchi,ivory tree
kurdistan labor pary,Kurdistan Workers Party
kuri-chiku,black bamboo
kuroshio,Japan current
kuroshio current,Japan current
kurrajong,currajong
kurrat,wild leek
kurt godel,Godel
kurt vonnegut,Vonnegut
kurt waldheim,Waldheim
kurt weill,Weill
kurus,piaster
kussmaul's coma,diabetic coma
kutch,cutch
kuwait city,Kuwait
kv,kilovolt
kw,kilowatt
kw-hr,kilowatt hour
kwacha,Zambian kwacha
kwai,yuan
kwangchow,Guangzhou
kwangtung,Guangdong
kwanza,Kwanzaa
kwazulu-natal,Natal
kweek,Bermuda grass
ky,Kentucky
kyanite,cyanite
kylie,kiley
kylix,cylix
kymograph,cymograph
kyo-chiku,giant bamboo
kyphosis,humpback
kyphosus sectatrix,Bermuda chub
kyrgyz republic,Kyrgyzstan
l'aquila,Aquila
l-p,LP
l. m. montgomery,Montgomery
l. monocytogenes,Listeria monocytogenes
l. ron hubbard,Hubbard
l. s. lowry,Lowry
la,lanthanum
la fayette,Lafayette
la plata,Rio de la Plata
laager,lager
lab,laboratory
lab bench,laboratory bench
lab coat,laboratory coat
labdanum,gum labdanum
label,recording label
labetalol,labetalol hydrochloride
labetalol hydrochloride,labetalol
labial artery,arteria labialis
labial consonant,labial
labial pipe,flue pipe
labial vein,vena labialis
labiodental,labiodental consonant
labiodental consonant,labiodental
lablab purpureus,hyacinth bean
lablink,Department of Defense Laboratory System
labor,labour
labor agreement,labor contract
labor camp,labour camp
labor coach,birthing coach
labor contract,labor agreement
labor department,Department of Labor
labor force,labor pool
labor movement,trade union movement
labor of love,labour of love
labor organizer,organizer
labor pains,birth pangs
labor party,labour party
labor pool,labor force
labor secretary,Secretary of Labor
labor union,union
laboratory,lab
laboratory bench,lab bench
laboratory coat,lab coat
laborer,manual laborer
laboriousness,operoseness
labour,labor
labour camp,labor camp
labour of love,labor of love
labour pains,birth pangs
labour party,British Labour Party
labourer,laborer
labrador peninsula,Labrador-Ungava Peninsula
labrocyte,mast cell
laburnum alpinum,Scotch laburnum
laburnum anagyroides,common laburnum
labyrinth,maze
labyrinthine artery,artery of the labyrinth
labyrinthine sense,equilibrium
labyrinthine vein,internal auditory vein
labyrinthitis,otitis interna
labyrinthodonta,Labyrinthodontia
lac wax,shellac wax
laccopetalum giganteum,giant buttercup
lace,lacing
lace-flower vine,Alsobia dianthiflora
lace fern,Cheilanthes gracillima
lace making,tatting
lacebark,ribbonwood
lacepod,fringepod
lacerta agilis,sand lizard
lacerta viridis,green lizard
lacertid,lacertid lizard
lacertid lizard,lacertid
lacertilia,Sauria
lacewing,lacewing fly
lacewing fly,lacewing
lacewood,sycamore
lachnolaimus maximus,hogfish
lachrymal duct,lacrimal duct
lachrymal gland,lacrimal gland
lachrymal secretion,lacrimal secretion
lachrymation,lacrimation
lachrymator,tear gas
lacing,lace
lack,deficiency
lackey,flunky
laconicism,laconism
laconism,laconicism
lacquer tree,varnish tree
lacrimal artery,arteria lacrimalis
lacrimal duct,lachrymal duct
lacrimal gland,lachrymal gland
lacrimal sac,tear sac
lacrimal secretion,lachrymal secretion
lacrimal vein,vena lacrimalis
lacrimation,lachrymation
lacrimator,tear gas
lactaid,lactase
lactarius delicioso,milkcap
lactase,Lactaid
lactase deficiency,lactose intolerance
lactation,suckling
lactobacillus acidophilus,acidophilus
lactobacteriaceae,Lactobacillaceae
lactoflavin,vitamin B2
lactogenic hormone,prolactin
lactophrys quadricornis,cowfish
lactose,milk sugar
lactose intolerance,lactase deficiency
lactuca sativa,garden lettuce
lactuca sativa asparagina,celtuce
lactuca sativa capitata,head lettuce
lactuca sativa crispa,leaf lettuce
lactuca sativa longifolia,cos lettuce
lactuca scariola,prickly lettuce
lactuca serriola,prickly lettuce
lacuna,blank
lad,chap
lad's love,common wormwood
ladanum,labdanum
ladder,run
ladder-back,ladder-back chair
ladder-back chair,ladder-back
ladder truck,aerial ladder truck
laddie,cub
ladies'-eardrop,lady's-eardrop
ladies'-eardrops,lady's-eardrop
ladies' man,seducer
ladies' room,powder room
ladies' slipper,lady's slipper
ladies' tobacco,lady's tobacco
ladies' tresses,lady's tresses
lading,cargo
ladino,mestizo
ladoga,Lake Ladoga
ladrone islands,Mariana Islands
lady,dame
lady's-eardrop,ladies'-eardrop
lady's-eardrops,lady's-eardrop
lady's-finger,okra
lady's earrings,jewelweed
lady's laces,reed canary grass
lady's leek,nodding onion
lady's slipper,lady-slipper
lady's smock,cuckooflower
lady's thistle,milk thistle
lady's tobacco,ladies' tobacco
lady's tresses,ladies' tresses
lady-of-the-night,Brunfelsia americana
lady-slipper,lady's slipper
lady beetle,ladybug
lady crab,American lady crab
lady day,Annunciation
lady diana frances spencer,Diana
lady emma hamilton,Hamilton
lady fern,Athyrium filix-femina
lady friend,girlfriend
lady godiva,Godiva
lady jane grey,Grey
lady killer,seducer
lady of pleasure,prostitute
lady of the house,housewife
lady peel,Lillie
lady tulip,candlestick tulip
lady with the lamp,Nightingale
ladybeetle,ladybug
ladybird,ladybug
ladybird beetle,ladybug
ladybug,ladybeetle
ladyfish,tenpounder
ladylove,dulcinea
laevulose,fructose
lafitte,Laffite
lafora's disease,myoclonus epilepsy
lag,slowdown
lag bolt,lag screw
lag screw,lag bolt
lagan,lagend
lagarostrobus colensoi,westland pine
lagarostrobus franklinii,huon pine
lagenaria siceraria,bottle gourd
lagend,lagan
lager,laager
lager beer,lager
lagerstroemia indica,crape myrtle
lagerstroemia speciosa,Queen's crape myrtle
lagger,dawdler
lagodon rhomboides,pinfish
lagomorph,gnawing mammal
lagoon,laguna
lagopus scoticus,red grouse
lagostomus maximus,viscacha
laguna,lagoon
laguncularia racemosa,white mangrove
lagune,lagoon
lah,la
lair,den
laissez-faire economy,market economy
laissez faire,individualism
laissez passer,pass
laity,temporalty
lake albert nyanza,Lake Albert
lake baikal,Baikal
lake balaton,Balaton
lake baykal,Baikal
lake bed,lake bottom
lake bottom,lake bed
lake canandaigua,Canandaigua Lake
lake cayuga,Cayuga Lake
lake constance,Constance
lake duck,lesser scaup
lake dwelling,pile dwelling
lake eyre,Eyre
lake herring,cisco
lake keuka,Keuka Lake
lake kivu,Kivu
lake leman,Lake Geneva
lake malawi,Lake Nyasa
lake okeechobee,Okeechobee
lake saint clair,Lake St. Clair
lake salmon,landlocked salmon
lake seneca,Seneca Lake
lake trout,salmon trout
lake tsana,Lake Tana
lake whitefish,Coregonus clupeaformis
lake winnipeg,Winnipeg
lakeland,Lake District
lakeshore,lakeside
lakeside,lakeshore
lakh,hundred thousand
lakota,Teton
lallation,babble
lally,lally column
lally column,lally
lalthyrus tingitanus,Tangier pea
lam,getaway
lama guanicoe,guanaco
lama pacos,alpaca
lama peruana,domestic llama
lamaze method,Lamaze method of childbirth
lamb's-quarter,pigweed
lamb's-quarters,pigweed
lamb's lettuce,common corn salad
lamb-chop,lamb chop
lamb chop,lamb-chop
lamb roast,roast lamb
lamb succory,dwarf nipplewort
lambchop,lamb chop
lambda hyperon,lambda particle
lambda particle,lambda hyperon
lambency,gleam
lambert,L
lambertia formosa,honeyflower
lambkill,sheep laurel
lamboid suture,sutura lamboidea
lambskin,parchment
lamella,gill
lamellibranchia,Bivalvia
lameness,limping
lament,lamentation
lamentation,lament
lamenter,mourner
lamia,vampire
lamiaceae,Labiatae
laminated glass,safety glass
laminitis,founder
lamisil,terbinafine
lamium album,white dead nettle
lamium amplexicaule,henbit
lamivudine,3TC
lammas day,Lammas
lammergeier,bearded vulture
lammergeyer,bearded vulture
lamna nasus,porbeagle
lamp chimney,chimney
lamp house,lamphouse
lamp housing,lamp house
lamp oil,kerosene
lamp shade,lampshade
lamp shell,brachiopod
lampblack,carbon black
lamper eel,lamprey
lamphouse,lamp house
lampoon,parody
lampooner,parodist
lamprey,lamprey eel
lamprey eel,lamprey
lampris guttatus,New World opah
lampris regius,opah
lampropeltis getulus,common kingsnake
lampropeltis triangulum,milk snake
lampshade,lamp shade
lampshell,brachiopod
lan,local area network
lanai island,Lanai
lancastrian line,Lancaster
lance,spear
lancelet,amphioxus
lanceolate spleenwort,Asplenium billotii
lancers,lancer
lancet,lancet arch
lancet arch,lancet
lancet fish,lancetfish
lancetfish,lancet fish
lancewood,lancewood tree
lancewood tree,laurelwood
lanchou,Lanzhou
lanchow,Lanzhou
land,ground
land agent,real estate broker
land area,acreage
land cress,Belle Isle cress
land line,landline
land mass,landmass
land mile,mile
land mine,ground-emplaced mine
land of enchantment,New Mexico
land of lincoln,Illinois
land of opportunity,Arkansas
land rail,corncrake
land site,site
land tax,property tax
land tenure,tenure
landed estate,estate
landed gentry,squirearchy
landholder,landowner
landing,landing place
landing deck,flight deck
landing field,airfield
landing place,landing
landing strip,airstrip
landline,land line
landlocked salmon,lake salmon
landlubber,landsman
landman,landlubber
landmark,turning point
landmass,land mass
landowner,landholder
landrover,jeep
landry's paralysis,Guillain-Barre syndrome
landscape,landscape painting
landscape architect,landscape gardener
landscape gardener,landscape architect
landscape gardening,landscaping
landscape painting,landscape
landscaper,landscape architect
landscaping,landscape gardening
landscapist,landscape architect
landslide,landslip
landslip,landslide
landsmaal,Nynorsk
landsmal,Nynorsk
landsman,landlubber
langobard,Lombard
langouste,spiny lobster
langoustine,Norwegian lobster
langsat,lanseh tree
langset,lanseh tree
langston hughes,Hughes
language,linguistic communication
language area,language zone
language unit,linguistic unit
language zone,language area
languas speciosa,shellflower
langue d'oc french,Langue d'oc
langue d'oil french,Langue d'oil
languor,dreaminess
laniard,lanyard
lanius borealis,northern shrike
lanius excubitor,European shrike
lanius lucovicianus,loggerhead shrike
lanius ludovicianus excubitorides,white-rumped shrike
lanius ludovicianus migrans,migrant shrike
lanolin,wool fat
lanoxin,digoxin
lansa,lanseh
lansat,lanseh
lanseh,lansa
lanseh tree,langsat
lanset,lanseh
lansium domesticum,lanseh tree
lansoprazole,Prevacid
lantern-fly,lantern fly
lantern fly,lantern-fly
lantern pinion,lantern wheel
lantern slide,slide
lantern wheel,lantern pinion
lanthanide,rare earth
lanthanoid,rare earth
lanthanon,rare earth
lanthanum,La
lanyard,laniard
lao-tse,Lao-tzu
lao-zi,Lao-tzu
lao people's democratic republic,Laos
laotian capital,Vientiane
lap,lap covering
lap choly,laparoscopic cholecystectomy
lap covering,lap
lap joint,splice
lap of honour,victory lap
laparoscopic cholecystectomy,lap choly
lapidarist,lapidary
lapidation,stoning
lapidator,stoner
lapidist,lapidary
lapin,rabbit
lapis lazuli,lazuli
lapland,Lappland
laportea canadensis,wood nettle
lappet,wattle
lappet moth,lappet
lapping,imbrication
lappish,Lappic
lapplander,Lapp
lappula,Hackelia
lapse,oversight
lapsing,backsliding
laptop,laptop computer
laptop computer,laptop
lapwing,green plover
larcener,larcenist
larcenist,larcener
larcenous,thievishness
larceny,theft
larch,larch tree
larch tree,larch
larder,pantry
lardizabala family,Lardizabalaceae
large-flowered calamint,Calamintha grandiflora
large-flowered fiddleneck,Amsinckia grandiflora
large-flowering magnolia,southern magnolia
large-leaved aster,Aster macrophyllus
large-leaved cucumber tree,large-leaved magnolia
large-leaved magnolia,large-leaved cucumber tree
large-toothed aspen,Canadian aspen
large calorie,Calorie
large civet,Viverra zibetha
large crabgrass,hairy finger grass
large cranberry,American cranberry
large indefinite amount,large indefinite quantity
large indefinite quantity,large indefinite amount
large number,battalion
large order,tall order
large periwinkle,Vinca major
large tooth aspen,Canadian aspen
large white,Pieris brassicae
large white petunia,Petunia axillaris
large yellow lady's slipper,Cypripedium calceolus pubescens
largemouth,largemouth bass
largemouth bass,largemouth
largemouth black bass,largemouth
largemouthed bass,largemouth
largemouthed black bass,largemouth
largeness,breadth
largess,largesse
largesse,largess
lariat,lasso
larium,mefloquine
larix decidua,European larch
larix laricina,American larch
larix lyallii,subalpine larch
larix occidentalis,western larch
larix russica,Siberian larch
larix siberica,Siberian larch
lark,meadowlark
larodopa,L-dopa
larotid,amoxicillin
larrea tridentata,creosote bush
lars onsager,Onsager
larus argentatus,herring gull
larus canus,mew
larus marinus,black-backed gull
larus ridibundus,laughing gull
laryngeal artery,arteria laryngea
laryngeal vein,vena laryngea
larynx,voice box
lasagna,lasagne
lasagne,lasagna
lasciviousness,prurience
lasek,laser-assisted subepithelial keratomileusis
laser,optical maser
laser-assisted in situ keratomileusis,LASIK
laser-assisted subepithelial keratomileusis,LASEK
laser-guided bomb,LGB
lash,eyelash
lash-up,contrivance
lashings,tons
lashkar-e-tayyiba,Lashkar-e-Taiba
lashkar-e-toiba,Lashkar-e-Taiba
lasik,laser-assisted in situ keratomileusis
lasiocampid,lasiocampid moth
lasiocampid moth,lasiocampid
lasiurus borealis,red bat
lasix,furosemide
lass,lassie
lassa,Lhasa
lassie,lass
lassitude,lethargy
last day,Judgment Day
last frontier,Alaska
last half,second half
last hurrah,swan song
last in first out,LIFO
last judgement,Judgment Day
last judgment,Judgment Day
last minute,eleventh hour
last name,surname
last resort,pis aller
last rites,anointing of the sick
last word,chic
lasthenia chrysostoma,goldfields
lastingness,durability
laszlo lowestein,Lorre
lat,latissimus dorsi
latakia,Al Ladhiqiyah
latanier,latanier palm
latanier palm,latanier
latch,door latch
lateen sail,lateen
latency,rotational latency
latency period,latency stage
latency phase,latency stage
latency stage,latency phase
latent diabetes,chemical diabetes
latent heat,heat of transformation
latent hostility,tension
latent period,reaction time
latent schizophrenia,borderline schizophrenia
lateral cerebral sulcus,fissure of Sylvius
lateral epicondylitis,tennis elbow
lateral geniculate,lateral geniculate body
lateral geniculate body,corpus geniculatum laterale
lateral humeral epicondylitis,tennis elbow
lateral line,lateral line organ
lateral line organ,lateral line
lateral pass,lateral
lateral rectus,abducens muscle
lateral rectus muscle,abducens muscle
lateralisation,lateralization
laterality,lateralization
lateralization,lateralisation
lates calcarifer,barramundi
latex,latex paint
latex paint,latex
lathee,lathi
lather,soapsuds
lathi,lathee
lathyrus hirsutus,singletary pea
lathyrus japonicus,beach pea
lathyrus latifolius,broad-leaved everlasting pea
lathyrus maritimus,beach pea
lathyrus niger,black pea
lathyrus nissolia,grass vetch
lathyrus odoratus,sweet pea
lathyrus palustris,marsh pea
lathyrus pratensis,common vetchling
lathyrus sativus,grass pea
lathyrus splendens,pride of California
lathyrus sylvestris,flat pea
lathyrus tuberosus,heath pea
lathyrus vernus,spring vetchling
latimeria chalumnae,coelacanth
latin alphabet,Roman alphabet
latin quarter,Left Bank
latinian language,Romance
latissimus dorsi,lat
latitude,line of latitude
latke,potato pancake
latona,Leto
latria,adoration
latrodectus mactans,black widow
lats,latissimus dorsi
latte,caffe latte
lattice,wicket
latticework,lattice
laudability,praiseworthiness
laudableness,praiseworthiness
laudanum,tincture of opium
laudator,lauder
laugh,laughter
laugh line,crow's foot
laugher,runaway
laughing gas,nitrous oxide
laughing gull,blackcap
laughing hyena,spotted hyena
laughing jackass,kookaburra
laughing owl,laughing jackass
laughingstock,butt
laughter,laugh
lauhala,textile screw pine
launce,sand lance
launch,launching
launch area,launching pad
launch pad,launching pad
launcher,rocket launcher
launching,introduction
launching pad,launchpad
launchpad,launching pad
launderette,Laundromat
laundress,washwoman
laundromat,launderette
laundry,wash
laundry basket,clothes hamper
laundryman,washerman
laundrywoman,washwoman
laurel-tree,red bay
laurel cherry,cherry laurel
laurel family,Lauraceae
laurel oak,pin oak
laurel sumac,Malosma laurina
laurel willow,bay willow
laurel wreath,decoration
laurels,award
laurelwood,lancewood tree
laurence olivier,Olivier
laurence stephen lowry,Lowry
laurence sterne,Sterne
laurentian highlands,Laurentian Plateau
laurentius,Lawrence
lauric acid,dodecanoic acid
lauritz lebrecht hommel melchior,Melchior
lauritz melchior,Melchior
laurus nobilis,true laurel
lauryl alcohol,1-dodecanol
lautaro faction of the united popular action movement,Lautaro Youth Movement
lautaro popular rebel forces,Lautaro Youth Movement
lav,toilet
lavabo,washbasin
lavalier,lavaliere
lavaliere,lavalier
lavalliere,lavaliere
lavandula angustifolia,English lavender
lavandula latifolia,spike lavender
lavandula officinalis,English lavender
lavandula stoechas,French lavender
lavatera arborea,tree mallow
lavation,wash
lavatory,toilet
lavender cotton,Santolina chamaecyparissus
lavishness,luxury
lavrenti pavlovich beria,Beria
law,jurisprudence
law-breaking,crime
law-makers,legislature
law merchant,mercantile law
law of action and reaction,third law of motion
law of archimedes,Archimedes' principle
law of areas,Kepler's second law
law of chemical equilibrium,equilibrium law
law of closure,closure
law of common fate,common fate
law of conservation of energy,conservation of energy
law of conservation of mass,conservation of mass
law of conservation of matter,conservation of mass
law of constant proportion,law of definite proportions
law of continuation,good continuation
law of definite proportions,law of constant proportion
law of equal areas,Kepler's second law
law of equivalent proportions,law of reciprocal proportions
law of gravitation,Newton's law of gravitation
law of large numbers,Bernoulli's law
law of moses,Mosaic law
law of motion,Newton's law of motion
law of multiple proportions,Dalton's law
law of nations,international law
law of nature,law
law of parsimony,Occam's Razor
law of partial pressures,Dalton's law
law of proximity,proximity
law of reciprocal proportions,law of equivalent proportions
law of similarity,similarity
law of volumes,Gay-Lussac's law
law offender,violator
law officer,lawman
law school,school of law
lawbreaker,violator
lawcourt,court
lawgiver,lawmaker
lawlessness,anarchy
lawmaker,lawgiver
lawmaking,legislation
lawman,law officer
lawn bowling,bowls
lawn cart,barrow
lawn chair,garden chair
lawn mower,mower
lawn party,garden party
lawn tennis,tennis
lawn tool,garden tool
lawrence durrell,Durrell
lawrence george durrell,Durrell
lawrence of arabia,Lawrence
lawrence peter berra,Berra
lawrencium,Lr
laws,Torah
lawson's cedar,Oregon cedar
lawson's cypress,Oregon cedar
lawsuit,suit
lawyer,attorney
lawyer-client relation,attorney-client relation
lawyer bush,lawyerbush
lawyer cane,Calamus australis
lawyerbush,lawyer bush
laxation,defecation
laxity,laxness
laxness,laxity
lay-by,pull-off
lay-up,layup
layabout,idler
layby,pull-off
layer,bed
layia platyglossa,tidytips
laying,egg laying
laying claim,assumption
laying waste,ruin
layman,layperson
layover,stop
layperson,layman
layup,lay-up
lazar,leper
lazar house,lazaretto
lazaret,lazaretto
lazarette,lazaretto
lazaretto,lazaret
laziness,indolence
lazio,Latium
lazuli,lapis lazuli
lazuline,azure
lazy susan,turntable
lazzaro spallanzani,Spallanzani
lb,pound
lbf.,pound
lbj,Johnson
lcd,liquid crystal display
lcm,lowest common multiple
ld.,limited company
ldl,low-density lipoprotein
le,lupus erythematosus
le chatelier's law,Le Chatelier's principle
le chatelier-braun principle,Le Chatelier's principle
le chatelier principle,Le Chatelier's principle
le douanier rousseau,Rousseau
lea,pasture
leach,leaching
leaching,leach
lead,Pb
lead-acid accumulator,lead-acid battery
lead-acid battery,lead-acid accumulator
lead-in,lead
lead acetate,sugar of lead
lead bank,agent bank
lead carbonate,white lead
lead colic,painter's colic
lead line,sounding line
lead plant,leadplant
lead poisoning,plumbism
lead story,lead
lead tetraethyl,tetraethyl lead
lead tree,white popinac
leadbelly,Ledbetter
leaded gasoline,leaded petrol
leaded petrol,leaded gasoline
leader,drawing card
leaders,leadership
leadership,leading
leading astray,leading off
leading light,luminary
leading off,leading astray
leading tone,subtonic
leadplant,lead plant
leadwort,Plumbago europaea
leadwort family,Plumbaginaceae
leaf,leafage
leaf-book,codex
leaf-cutter,leaf-cutting bee
leaf-cutter bee,leaf-cutting bee
leaf-cutting bee,leaf-cutter
leaf-foot bug,leaf-footed bug
leaf-footed bug,leaf-foot bug
leaf-miner,leaf miner
leaf-nosed bat,leafnose bat
leaf-roller,leaf roller
leaf beet,chard
leaf beetle,chrysomelid
leaf blade,blade
leaf bug,plant bug
leaf cast,needle blight
leaf fat,leaf lard
leaf form,leaf shape
leaf insect,walking leaf
leaf lard,leaf fat
leaf lettuce,Lactuca sativa crispa
leaf miner,leaf-miner
leaf mold,leaf mould
leaf mould,leaf mold
leaf mustard,chinese mustard
leaf node,node
leaf roller,leaf-roller
leaf shape,leaf form
leaf soil,leaf mold
leafage,leaf
leafing,foliation
leaflet,cusp
leafnose bat,leaf-nosed bat
leafstalk,petiole
leafy liverwort,scale moss
leafy spurge,wolf's milk
leafy vegetable,greens
league,conference
league of iroquois,Iroquois League
leak,wetting
leak fungus,ring rot fungus
leakage,escape
leaning tower of pisa,Leaning Tower
leanness,meagerness
leap,leaping
leap day,bissextile day
leap year,intercalary year
leaper,bounder
leaping,leap
learned person,initiate
learned reaction,learned response
learned response,learned reaction
learnedness,eruditeness
learner,scholar
learner's dictionary,school dictionary
learning,acquisition
learning ability,brain
learning disability,learning disorder
learning disorder,learning disability
lease,rental
lease-lend,lend-lease
lease giver,lessor
leaseholder,lessee
leash,tether
least bittern,Ixobrychus exilis
least common multiple,lowest common multiple
least effort,least resistance
least resistance,least effort
least sandpiper,stint
least shrew,Cryptotis parva
least squares,method of least squares
leather fern,golden fern
leather flower,vase-fine
leather soap,saddle soap
leatherback,leatherback turtle
leatherback turtle,leatherback
leatherette,imitation leather
leatherfish,leatherjacket
leatherjack,leatherjacket
leatherjacket,leatherfish
leatherleaf,leathery polypody
leatherleaf fern,leather fern
leatherleaf saxifrage,Leptarrhena pyrolifolia
leatherleaf wood fern,marginal wood fern
leatherneck,Marine
leatherwood,cyrilla
leathery grape fern,Botrychium multifidum
leathery polypody,leatherleaf
leathery turtle,leatherback turtle
leave,leave of absence
leave-taking,farewell
leave of absence,leave
leaven,leavening
leavening,leaven
leaver,departer
leaving,departure
lebanese hizballah,Hizballah
lebanese republic,Lebanon
lebensraum,living space
lebistes reticulatus,guppy
leboyer method,Leboyer method of childbirth
lech,satyr
lech walesa,Walesa
lechatelierite,quartz glass
lecher,satyr
lecherousness,lust
lechwe,Kobus leche
lectern,reading desk
lector,reader
lecture,public lecture
lecturer,lector
lecturing,lecture
led,light-emitting diode
lede,lead
ledercillin vk,penicillin V potassium
ledge,shelf
ledgeman,breaker
ledger,leger
ledger entry,entry
ledger line,leger line
ledum groenlandicum,Labrador tea
ledum palustre,wild rosemary
lee's birthday,Robert E Lee's Birthday
lee buck trevino,Trevino
lee de forest,De Forest
lee harvey oswald,Oswald
lee krasner,Krasner
lee side,lee
lee strasberg,Strasberg
lee tide,leeward tide
lee trevino,Trevino
lee yuen kam,Lee
leech,bloodsucker
leechee,litchi
leek,scallion
leer,sneer
lees,Lee
leeuwenhoek,Leuwenhoek
leeward side,to leeward
leeward tide,lee tide
leeway,allowance
leflunomide,Arava
left-handed pitcher,left-hander
left-handedness,sinistrality
left-hander,left-handed pitcher
left-luggage office,checkroom
left-winger,collectivist
left atrioventricular valve,mitral valve
left atrium,left atrium of the heart
left atrium of the heart,left atrium
left brain,left hemisphere
left field,leftfield
left gastric artery,arteria gastrica sinistra
left gastric vein,vena gastrica sinistra
left hand,left
left hander,left-handed pitcher
left hemisphere,left brain
left stage,stage left
left wing,left
lefteye flounder,lefteyed flounder
lefteyed flounder,lefteye flounder
leftfield,left field
lefthander,left-handed pitcher
leftovers,leftover
lefty,left-hander
leg,branch
leg-pull,leg-pulling
leg-pulling,leg-pull
leg covering,legging
leg curl,leg curling
leg curling,leg curl
leg of lamb,gigot
legacy,bequest
legal action,action
legal age,majority
legal assistant,paralegal
legal brief,brief
legal community,legal profession
legal document,legal instrument
legal expert,jurist
legal fraud,constructive fraud
legal guardian,trustee
legal holiday,national holiday
legal injury,wrong
legal instrument,legal document
legal jointure,jointure
legal opinion,opinion
legal ouster,eviction
legal philosophy,jurisprudence
legal power,jurisdiction
legal principle,judicial principle
legal proceeding,proceeding
legal profession,bar
legal residence,domicile
legal separation,judicial separation
legal tender,tender
legal transfer,delivery
legalisation,legalization
legalization,legalisation
legate,official emissary
legateship,legation
legation,legateship
legend,fable
leger,ledger
leger line,ledger line
legerdemain,magic trick
legerity,agility
legging,leging
leghorn,boater
legibility,discernability
leging,legging
legionary,legionnaire
legionary ant,army ant
legionella,Legionella pneumophilia
legislating,legislation
legislation,statute law
legislative act,statute
legislative assembly,legislature
legislative body,legislature
legislature,legislative assembly
legitimacy,authenticity
legitimation,legalization
lego set,Lego
legs,leg
legume,leguminous plant
legume family,Leguminosae
leguminous plant,legume
lei,wreath
leibnitz,Leibniz
leicester,Leicestershire
leigh hunt,Hunt
leiophyllum buxifolium,sand myrtle
leipoa,mallee fowl
leipoa ocellata,mallee fowl
leishmaniasis,leishmaniosis
leishmaniasis americana,mucocutaneous leishmaniasis
leishmaniosis,leishmaniasis
leisure,leisure time
leisure time,leisure
leitmotif,leitmotiv
leitmotiv,leitmotif
leitneria floridana,corkwood
leland stanford,Stanford
lem,lunar excursion module
lemaireocereus chichipe,chichipe
lemanderin,rangpur
lemma,flowering glume
lemmus lemmus,European lemming
lemmus trimucronatus,brown lemming
lemna minor,common duckweed
lemna trisulca,star-duckweed
lemniscus,fillet
lemon,gamboge
lemon-scented gum,Eucalyptus citriodora
lemon-wood,lemonwood
lemon-wood tree,lemonwood
lemon balm,garden balm
lemon butter,Meuniere butter
lemon cheese,lemon curd
lemon curd,lemon cheese
lemon geranium,Pelargonium limoneum
lemon grass,lemongrass
lemon lily,Hemerocallis lilio-asphodelus
lemon mint,horsemint
lemon peel,lemon rind
lemon rind,lemon peel
lemon shark,Negaprion brevirostris
lemon sole,winter flounder
lemon sumac,fragrant sumac
lemon tree,lemon
lemon yellow,gamboge
lemongrass,lemon grass
lemongrass oil,lemongrass
lemonwood,lemon-wood
lemonwood tree,lemonwood
lemur catta,Madagascar cat
lena calhoun horne,Horne
lena horne,Horne
lena river,Lena
lend-lease,lease-lend
lender,loaner
lending,loaning
lending library,circulating library
length,duration
length of service,longevity
lengthening,prolongation
lengthiness,extension
lenience,leniency
leniency,lenience
leningrad,St. Petersburg
lenity,lenience
lennox robinson,Robinson
lens,lense
lens cap,lens cover
lens cortex,cortex
lens cover,lens cap
lens culinaris,lentil
lens hood,hood
lens implant,interocular lens implant
lens maker,optician
lens nucleus,nucleus
lens of the eye,lens
lens system,lens
lense,lens
lensman,photographer
lent lily,Madonna lily
lente iletin,Lente Insulin
lenten rose,black hellebore
lententide,Lent
lentia,Linz
lenticular nucleus,lentiform nucleus
lentiform nucleus,lenticular nucleus
lentigo,freckle
lentil,lentil plant
lentil plant,lentil
lentinus edodes,shiitake
lentinus lepideus,scaly lentinus
lentisk,mastic
leo delibes,Delibes
leo esaki,Esaki
leo szilard,Szilard
leo the great,Leo I
leo the lion,Leo
leo tolstoy,Tolstoy
leon battista alberti,Alberti
leon trotsky,Trotsky
leonard bernstein,Bernstein
leonard bloomfield,Bloomfield
leonard constant lambert,Lambert
leonard marx,Marx
leonardo da vinci,Leonardo
leoncita,tamarin
leonhard euler,Euler
leonid brezhnev,Brezhnev
leonid fyodorovich myasin,Massine
leonid ilyich brezhnev,Brezhnev
leonide fedorovitch massine,Massine
leonotis leonurus,dagga
leonotis nepetaefolia,lion's-ear
leonotis nepetifolia,lion's-ear
leontocebus oedipus,pinche
leontocebus rosalia,silky tamarin
leontodon autumnalis,fall dandelion
leontopodium alpinum,edelweiss
leontyne price,Price
leonurus cardiaca,motherwort
leopard,Panthera pardus
leopard's-bane,leopardbane
leopard cat,Felis bengalensis
leopard frog,spring frog
leopard lily,panther lily
leopardbane,leopard's-bane
leopold antoni stanislaw stokowski,Stokowski
leopold kronecker,Kronecker
leopold stokowski,Stokowski
leopoldville,Kinshasa
leotard,unitard
leotards,tights
lepas fascicularis,goose barnacle
lepechinia calycina,pitcher sage
leper,lazar
leper lily,snake's head fritillary
lepidium alpina,chamois cress
lepidium sativum,common garden cress
lepidochelys kempii,Atlantic ridley
lepidochelys olivacea,Pacific ridley
lepidocybium flavobrunneum,escolar
lepidopteran,lepidopterous insect
lepidopterist,lepidopterologist
lepidopterologist,lepidopterist
lepidopterology,lepidoptery
lepidopteron,lepidopterous insect
lepidopterous insect,lepidopteron
lepidoptery,lepidopterology
lepidothamnus fonkii,Chilean rimu
lepidothamnus laxifolius,mountain rimu
lepiota americana,American parasol
lepiota cepaestipes,onion stem
lepiota morgani,poisonous parasol
lepiota procera,parasol mushroom
lepisma saccharina,silverfish
lepisosteus osseus,gar
lepista irina,Clitocybe irina
lepomis gibbosus,pumpkinseed
lepomis macrochirus,bluegill
lepomis punctatus,spotted sunfish
leporid,leporid mammal
leporid mammal,leporid
leporide,Belgian hare
leppy,dogie
leprosy,Hansen's disease
leprosy bacillus,Mycobacterium leprae
leptarrhena pyrolifolia,leatherleaf saxifrage
leptinotarsa decemlineata,Colorado potato beetle
leptodactylid,leptodactylid frog
leptodactylid frog,leptodactylid
leptodactylus pentadactylus,crapaud
leptopteris superba,crape fern
leptoptilus crumeniferus,marabou
leptoptilus dubius,adjutant bird
leptospirosis,swamp fever
leptotyphlops humilis,western blind snake
lepus americanus,snowshoe hare
lepus arcticus,polar hare
lepus californicus,blacktail jackrabbit
lepus europaeus,European hare
lepus townsendi,white-tailed jackrabbit
ler,Lir
leroi jones,Baraka
leroy robert paige,Paige
lesbianism,sapphism
lescol,fluvastatin
lese majesty,treason
lesion,wound
leslie howard,Howard
leslie howard stainer,Howard
leslie richard groves,Groves
leslie townes hope,Hope
lespedeza,bush clover
lespedeza bicolor,bicolor lespediza
lespedeza cuneata,sericea lespedeza
lespedeza sericea,sericea lespedeza
lespedeza stipulacea,Korean lespedeza
lespedeza striata,japanese clover
lessee,leaseholder
lessening,decrease
lesser anteater,tamandua
lesser bullrush,narrow-leaf cattail
lesser burdock,common burdock
lesser butterfly orchid,Platanthera bifolia
lesser calamint,field balm
lesser celandine,pilewort
lesser centaury,Centaurium minus
lesser duckweed,common duckweed
lesser galangal,Alpinia officinarum
lesser hemlock,fool's parsley
lesser knapweed,black knapweed
lesser kudu,Tragelaphus imberbis
lesser panda,red panda
lesser peritoneal cavity,bursa omentalis
lesser prairie chicken,Tympanuchus pallidicinctus
lesser rhomboid muscle,rhomboid minor muscle
lesser rorqual,piked whale
lesser scaup,lesser scaup duck
lesser scaup duck,lesser scaup
lesser spearwort,Ranunculus flammula
lesser twayblade,Listera cordata
lesser whitethroat,whitethroat
lesser wintergreen,Pyrola minor
lesser yellow trefoil,hop clover
lesser yellowlegs,Tringa flavipes
lesson,example
lessor,lease giver
lester willis young,Young
lesvos,Lesbos
let,Lashkar-e-Taiba
letch,satyr
letdown,disappointment
lethality,deadliness
lethargic encephalitis,sleeping sickness
lethargy,lassitude
letter,missive
letter bomb,parcel bomb
letter box,Post-Office box
letter carrier,mailman
letter of mark and reprisal,letter of marque
letter of marque,letters of marque
letter of the alphabet,letter
letter opener,paper knife
letter paper,stationery
letter writer,correspondent
lettering,inscription
letterpress,relief printing
letters,letter
letters of marque,letter of marque
letters patent,patent
letting,lease
letting down,lowering
lettish,Latvian
lettre de cachet,cachet
lettuce,boodle
letup,lull
leucadendron argenteum,silver tree
leucaemia,leukemia
leucaena glauca,lead tree
leucaena leucocephala,lead tree
leucanthemum lacustre,Pyrenees daisy
leucanthemum maximum,oxeye daisy
leucanthemum superbum,shasta daisy
leucanthemum vulgare,oxeye daisy
leuciscus cephalus,chub
leuciscus leuciscus,dace
leucocyte,leukocyte
leucocytosis,leukocytosis
leucocytozoan,leucocytozoon
leucocytozoon,leucocytozoan
leucogenes leontopodium,north island edelweiss
leucoma,leukoma
leucopenia,leukopenia
leucorrhea,leukorrhea
leucothoe editorum,dog laurel
leucothoe fontanesiana,dog laurel
leucothoe racemosa,sweet bells
leucotomy,lobotomy
leukaemia,leukemia
leukemia,leukaemia
leukeran,chlorambucil
leukocyte,leucocyte
leukocytosis,leucocytosis
leukoma,leucoma
leukopenia,leucopenia
leukorrhea,leucorrhea
leukotomy,lobotomy
lev davidovich bronstein,Trotsky
lev davidovich landau,Landau
lev ivanov,Ivanov
levallorphan,Lorfan
levant garlic,wild leek
levant morocco,Levant
level best,utmost
level crossing,grade crossing
leveler,leveller
leveling,grading
leveller,leveler
lever,lever tumbler
lever scale,steelyard
lever tumbler,lever
leverage,purchase
leveraging,leverage
levi,Matthew
levi-lorrain dwarf,pituitary dwarf
levis,Levi's
levisticum officinale,lovage
levitra,vardenafil
levodopa,L-dopa
levorotation,counterclockwise rotation
levulose,fructose
levy,levy en masse
levy en masse,levy
lewdness,obscenity
lewis carroll,Carroll
lewis henry morgan,Morgan
lewisia cotyledon,siskiyou lewisia
lewisia rediviva,bitterroot
lexical ambiguity,polysemy
lexical entry,dictionary entry
lexicalisation,lexicalization
lexicalization,lexicalisation
lexicographer,lexicologist
lexicologist,lexicographer
lexicon,vocabulary
lexington and concord,Lexington
ley,pasture
leycesteria formosa,Himalaya honeysuckle
leyden,Leiden
leyden jar,Leiden jar
leydig's cell,Leydig cell
leymus arenaria,sea lyme grass
leymus condensatus,giant ryegrass
leyte invasion,Leyte
leyte island,Leyte
lf,low frequency
lgb,laser-guided bomb
lgv,lymphogranuloma venereum
lh,luteinizing hormone
lhasa apso,Lhasa
liabilities,liability
liability,indebtedness
liaison,affair
liakoura,Parnassus
liam o'flaherty,O'Flaherty
liao dynasty,Liao
liaodong bandao,Liaodong Peninsula
liar,prevaricator
liatris punctata,dotted gayfeather
liatris pycnostachya,dense blazing star
libber,feminist
libeler,defamer
liberal arts,humanistic discipline
liberalisation,liberalization
liberalist,liberal
liberality,liberalness
liberalization,liberalisation
liberalness,liberality
liberation,release
liberian capital,Monrovia
liberty,autonomy
liberty chit,pass
libocedrus bidwillii,pahautea
libocedrus decurrens,incense cedar
libocedrus plumosa,kawaka
libra the balance,Libra
libra the scales,Libra
librarian,bibliothec
library,depository library
library card,borrower's card
library catalog,library catalogue
library catalogue,library catalog
library paste,paste
libritabs,chlordiazepoxide
librium,chlordiazepoxide
libyan fighting group,Libyan Islamic Fighting Group
libyan islamic group,Libyan Islamic Fighting Group
licence,license
license,licence
license fee,licensing fee
license number,registration number
license plate,numberplate
license tax,licensing fee
licensed practical nurse,LPN
licensing fee,license fee
licentiousness,wantonness
lichanura trivirgata,rosy boa
lichee,litchi
lichen planus,lichen ruber planus
lichen ruber planus,lichen planus
lichgate,lychgate
lichi,litchi
lichtenoid eczema,chronic eczema
licinius lucullus,Lucullus
lick,salt lick
licking,defeat
licorice,liquorice
licorice fern,Polypodium glycyrrhiza
licorice stick,B-flat clarinet
lid,eyelid
lie,prevarication
lie-abed,slugabed
liege lord,liege
liege subject,vassal
liegeman,vassal
lien,spleen
lienal artery,splenic artery
lietuva,Lithuania
lieu,stead
lieutenant,police lieutenant
lieutenant colonel,light colonel
lieutenant jg,lieutenant junior grade
lieutenant junior grade,lieutenant JG
life,living
life-of-man,American spikenard
life-style,life style
life-support system,life support
life-time,life
life assurance,life insurance
life belt,safety belt
life buoy,lifesaver
life estate,estate for life
life eternal,eternal life
life force,vital force
life history,biography
life insurance,life assurance
life jacket,life vest
life line,line of life
life preserver,preserver
life principle,vital principle
life raft,Carling float
life ring,life buoy
life science,bioscience
life scientist,biologist
life sentence,life
life story,biography
life style,life-style
life support,life-support system
life vest,life jacket
lifeguard,lifesaver
lifelessness,motionlessness
lifeline,line of life
lifesaver,lifeguard
lifespan,life
lifestyle,life style
lifetime,life
lifo,last in first out
lift,aerodynamic lift
lift bridge,drawbridge
lifter,weightlifter
liftman,elevator man
ligamentum teres uteri,round ligament of the uterus
ligan,lagan
ligature,binder
light-emitting diode,LED
light-mindedness,flippancy
light-o'-love,light-of-love
light-of-love,light-o'-love
light-year,light year
light ballast,ballast
light beam,beam
light bread,white bread
light bulb,lightbulb
light circuit,lighting circuit
light colonel,lieutenant colonel
light company,power company
light cream,coffee cream
light filter,diffusing screen
light heavyweight,cruiserweight
light intensity,candlepower
light meter,exposure meter
light opera,operetta
light pen,electronic stylus
light reflex,pupillary reflex
light source,light
light speed,speed of light
light touch,brush
light whipping cream,whipping cream
light within,Inner Light
light year,light-year
lightbulb,light bulb
lightening,whitening
lighter,igniter
lighterman,bargeman
lightheadedness,dizziness
lightheartedness,carefreeness
lighthorse harry lee,Lee
lighthouse,beacon
lighting,light
lighting circuit,light circuit
lightlessness,total darkness
lightness,elation
lightning arrester,surge suppressor
lightning bug,firefly
lightning conductor,lightning rod
lightning hurler,Jupiter Fulgur
lightning rod,lightning conductor
lights-out,taps
lightsomeness,carefreeness
lightwood,Acacia melanoxylon
ligneous plant,woody plant
lignite,brown coal
lignum vitae,guaiac
ligustrum amurense,Amur privet
ligustrum ibolium,ibolium privet
ligustrum japonicum,Japanese privet
ligustrum lucidum,Chinese privet
ligustrum ovalifolium,California privet
ligustrum vulgare,common privet
likelihood,likeliness
likeliness,likelihood
likeness,alikeness
lilian alicia marks,Markova
liliopsid,monocot
liliopsid family,monocot family
liliopsid genus,monocot genus
liliopsida,Monocotyledones
lilium auratum,mountain lily
lilium canadense,Canada lily
lilium candidum,Madonna lily
lilium catesbaei,tiger lily
lilium columbianum,Columbia tiger lily
lilium lancifolium,tiger lily
lilium longiflorum,Easter lily
lilium maritinum,coast lily
lilium martagon,Turk's-cap
lilium michiganense,Michigan lily
lilium pardalinum,leopard lily
lilium philadelphicum,wood lily
lilium superbum,Turk's-cap
lillian gish,Gish
lillian hellman,Hellman
lillian russell,Russell
lillie langtry,Langtry
lilt,swing
lily-of-the-valley tree,andromeda
lily family,Liliaceae
lily of the incas,Peruvian lily
lily of the nile,agapanthus
lily of the valley,May lily
lily pons,Pons
lily turf,lilyturf
lilyturf,lily turf
lima bean,sieva bean
lima bean plant,lima bean
limanda ferruginea,yellowtail flounder
limb,tree branch
limber pine,Pinus flexilis
limbers,limber
limbic brain,limbic system
limbic system,visceral brain
limbo,oblivion
lime,calcium hydroxide
lime disease spirochete,Borrelia burgdorferi
lime hydrate,calcium hydroxide
lime tree,lime
limelight,spotlight
limen,threshold
limenitis archippus,viceroy
limenitis arthemis,banded purple
limenitis astyanax,red-spotted purple
limenitis camilla,white admiral
limestone fern,northern oak fern
limestone salamander,Hydromantes brunus
limey,John Bull
limicoline bird,shorebird
limit,bound
limit point,limit
limitation,restriction
limited company,Ltd.
limited review,review
limiter,clipper
limitlessness,infiniteness
limner,portraitist
limning,delineation
limnocryptes minima,jacksnipe
limnodium spongia,American frogbit
limnodromus griseus,greyback
limnodromus scolopaceus,red-breasted snipe
limnos,Lemnos
limo,limousine
limosa haemastica,Hudsonian godwit
limousine,limo
limper,hobbler
limpidity,clarity
limping,lameness
limpkin,Aramus pictus
limpness,flabbiness
limulus polyphemus,horseshoe crab
linac,linear accelerator
linage,lineage
linanthus dianthiflorus,ground pink
linanthus dichotomus,evening-snow
linaria canadensis,blue toadflax
linaria vulgaris,toadflax
linchpin,anchor
lincocin,lincomycin
lincoln steffens,Steffens
lincomycin,Lincocin
linden,basswood
linden family,Tiliaceae
linden tree,linden
lindera benzoin,spicebush
lindheimera texana,Texas star
lindy,lindy hop
lindy hop,lindy
line,argumentation
line-at-a-time printer,line printer
line-drive double,line double
line-drive single,line single
line-drive triple,line triple
line-shooter,bragger
line-shooting,brag
line backer,linebacker
line block,linecut
line double,line-drive double
line drawing,delineation
line drive,liner
line engraving,linecut
line of business,line
line of credit,credit line
line of defence,line of defense
line of defense,line of defence
line of descent,descent
line of destiny,line of fate
line of fate,line of destiny
line of force,field line
line of gab,spiel
line of heart,heart line
line of inquiry,line of questioning
line of latitude,latitude
line of least resistance,path of least resistance
line of life,life line
line of longitude,meridian
line of merchandise,line
line of poetry,line of verse
line of products,line
line of questioning,line of inquiry
line of reasoning,argumentation
line of saturn,line of fate
line of scrimmage,scrimmage line
line of sight,line of vision
line of verse,line of poetry
line of vision,line of sight
line of work,occupation
line organisation,line organization
line organization,line organisation
line printer,line-at-a-time printer
line roulette,roulette
line single,line-drive single
line storm,equinoctial storm
line triple,line-drive triple
lineage,line
lineament,quality
linear accelerator,linac
linear leaf,elongate leaf
linear measure,linear unit
linear perspective,perspective
linear regression,rectilinear regression
linear unit,linear measure
linearity,one-dimensionality
lineation,outline
linebacker,line backer
linebacker blitzing,safety blitz
linecut,line engraving
lined snake,Tropidoclonion lineatum
lineman,electrician
linemen,lineman
linen,linen paper
linen paper,linen
liner,line drive
liner train,freight liner
linesman,electrician
lineup,batting order
ling,ling ko
ling ko,ling
lingberry,cowberry
lingcod,Ophiodon elongatus
lingenberry,cowberry
lingerer,loiterer
lingerie,intimate apparel
lingering,tarriance
lingo,slang
lingonberry,cowberry
lingua,tongue
lingua franca,interlanguage
lingual artery,arteria lingualis
lingual vein,vena lingualis
linguine,linguini
linguini,linguine
linguist,linguistic scientist
linguistic atlas,dialect atlas
linguistic communication,language
linguistic context,context
linguistic geography,dialect geography
linguistic process,language
linguistic rule,rule
linguistic scientist,linguist
linguistic string,string of words
linguistic unit,language unit
linguistic universal,universal
linguistics,philology
linguistics department,department of linguistics
liniment,embrocation
lining,liner
link,nexus
link-attached station,remote terminal
link-attached terminal,remote terminal
linkage,gene linkage
linkage group,linked genes
linkboy,linkman
linked genes,linkage group
linking verb,copula
linkman,linkboy
links,golf links
links course,golf course
linksman,golfer
linkup,link
linnaea borealis,twinflower
linnaea borealis americana,American twinflower
linnet,house finch
lino,linoleum
linoleic acid,linolic acid
linoleum,lino
linoleum cutter,linoleum knife
linoleum knife,linoleum cutter
linolic acid,linoleic acid
linosyris vulgaris,goldilocks
linotype machine,Linotype
linseed,flaxseed
linseed oil,flaxseed oil
lintel,header
lintwhite,linnet
linus carl pauling,Pauling
linus pauling,Pauling
liomys irroratus,Mexican pocket mouse
lion,king of beasts
lion's-ear,Leonotis nepetaefolia
lion's beard,American pasqueflower
lion's foot,gall of the earth
lion marmoset,tamarin
lion monkey,tamarin
lionel barrymore,Barrymore
lionel hampton,Hampton
lionel trilling,Trilling
liopelma,Leiopelma
liopelmidae,Leiopelmatidae
liothyronine,triiodothyronine
lip,sass
lip fern,lipfern
lip rouge,lipstick
lip service,hypocrisy
lip sync,lip synchronization
lip synch,lip synchronization
lip synchronisation,lip synchronization
lip synchronization,lip synchronisation
lipaemia,lipemia
liparidae,Liparididae
liparis liparis,snailfish
liparis loeselii,fen orchid
lipectomy,selective lipectomy
lipemia,lipaemia
lipfern,lip fern
lipid,lipide
lipid-lowering medication,lipid-lowering medicine
lipid-lowering medicine,lipid-lowering medication
lipid granulomatosis,xanthomatosis
lipidaemia,lipemia
lipide,lipid
lipidemia,lipemia
lipitor,atorvastatin
lipizzan,Lippizan
lipo-hepin,heparin
lipo-lutin,progesterone
lipochondrodystrophy,Hurler's syndrome
lipoid,lipid
lipoid granulomatosis,xanthomatosis
lipoidaemia,lipemia
lipoidemia,lipemia
lipoma,adipose tumor
liposcelis divinatorius,booklouse
liposuction,suction lipectomy
lippizaner,Lippizan
lipstick,lip rouge
lipstick plant,Aeschynanthus radicans
liquaemin,heparin
liquefied petroleum gas,bottled gas
liqueur,cordial
liquid assets,current assets
liquid body substance,bodily fluid
liquid crystal display,LCD
liquid ecstasy,soap
liquid measure,liquid unit
liquid oxygen,LOX
liquid pred,prednisone
liquid state,liquid
liquid unit,liquid measure
liquidambar,sweet gum
liquidambar styraciflua,sweet gum
liquidation,settlement
liquidator,murderer
liquidiser,blender
liquidity,liquid
liquidity crisis,credit crunch
liquidizer,blender
liquidness,liquid
liquor,spirits
liquor licence,liquor license
liquor license,liquor licence
liquor store,package store
liquorice,licorice
lira,Maltese lira
liriodendron tulipifera,tulip tree
liriope muscari,lilyturf
lisboa,Lisbon
lise meitner,Meitner
lisinopril,Prinival
lisle,lisle thread
lisle thread,lisle
lissomeness,litheness
list,listing
list-processing language,LISP
list system,scrutin de liste
listener,hearer
listening,hearing
listening watch,continuous receiver watch
lister plough,lister
lister plow,lister
listera convallarioides,broad-leaved twayblade
listera cordata,lesser twayblade
listera ovata,twayblade
listeria meningitis,listeriosis
listeriosis,listeria meningitis
listing,list
listlessness,languor
lit crit,literary criticism
litchee,litchi
litchi,lichee
litchi chinensis,litchi
litchi nut,litchi
litchi tree,litchi
liter,litre
literal error,misprint
literary argument,argument
literary composition,literary work
literary criticism,criticism
literary genre,writing style
literary hack,hack
literary pirate,plagiarist
literary work,literary composition
literate person,literate
literature,lit
lithane,lithium carbonate
litheness,lissomeness
lithium,Li
lithium carbonate,Lithane
lithocarpus densiflorus,tanbark oak
lithocarpus glaber,Japanese oak
lithocarpus glabra,Japanese oak
lithoglyptics,glyptics
lithograph,lithograph machine
lithograph machine,lithograph
lithology,petrology
lithonate,lithium carbonate
lithophragma affine,woodland star
lithophragma affinis,woodland star
lithophragma parviflorum,prairie star
lithophyte,lithophytic plant
lithophytic plant,lithophyte
lithops,living stone
lithospermum canescens,hoary puccoon
lithospermum caroliniense,puccoon
lithospermum officinale,gromwell
lithosphere,geosphere
litigant,litigator
litigation,judicial proceeding
litigator,litigant
litmus,litmus test
litmus test,litmus
litocranius walleri,gerenuk
litoral,littoral
litotes,meiosis
litre,liter
litter,bedding material
litter-basket,litterbin
litter-bearer,stretcher-bearer
litter basket,litterbin
litter lout,litterer
litterateur,essayist
litterbin,litter basket
litterbug,litterer
litterer,litterbug
little-head snakeweed,Gutierrezia microcephala
little-leaf fig,Port Jackson fig
little auk,dovekie
little barley,Hordeum pusillum
little bighorn river,Little Bighorn
little black ant,Monomorium minimum
little blue heron,Egretta caerulea
little brown bat,little brown myotis
little brown myotis,little brown bat
little chief hare,Ochotona princeps
little club moss,spikemoss
little clubmoss,fir clubmoss
little corporal,Napoleon
little dictionary,pocket dictionary
little dog,Canis Minor
little ebony spleenwort,black-stem spleenwort
little egret,Egretta garzetta
little finger,pinkie
little giant,Douglas
little girl,female child
little golden zinnia,Zinnia grandiflora
little grebe,dabchick
little hand,hour hand
little horn,Little Bighorn
little joe,four
little lord fauntleroy,Fauntleroy
little missouri river,Little Missouri
little mo connolly,Connolly
little owl,Athene noctua
little phoebe,five
little potato,rosette
little rhody,Rhode Island
little skate,Raja erinacea
little slam,small slam
little sparrow,Piaf
little spotted skunk,spotted skunk
little terror,terror
little theater,little theatre
little theatre,little theater
little wabash river,Little Wabash
littleneck,littleneck clam
littleneck clam,littleneck
littleness,smallness
littoral zone,littoral
liturgics,liturgiology
liturgiology,liturgics
liturgy,Holy Eucharist
live-and-die,sensitive plant
live-bearer,topminnow
live-forever,orpine
live axle,driving axle
live load,superload
live wire,eager beaver
livelihood,support
liveliness,animation
liveness,animateness
liver cancer,cancer of the liver
liver fluke,Fasciola hepatica
liver pudding,liver sausage
liver rot,black disease
liver sausage,liver pudding
liverleaf,hepatica
liverwort,hepatic
liverwurst,liver pudding
livery driver,taxidriver
livestock,stock
lividity,lividness
lividness,lividity
living-room,living room
living accommodations,housing
living dead,zombi
living granite,living rock
living quarters,quarters
living rock,Ariocarpus fissuratus
living room,living-room
living space,lebensraum
living stone,lithops
living substance,protoplasm
living thing,animate thing
living trust,inter vivos trust
livingroom set,livingroom suite
livingroom suite,livingroom set
livingstone daisy,Dorotheanthus bellidiformis
livistona australis,cabbage palm
liza,Mugil liza
lizard,lounge lizard
lizard's-tail,swamp lily
lizard's-tail family,Saururaceae
lizard orchid,Himantoglossum hircinum
lizardfish,snakefish
llb,Bachelor of Laws
lld,Doctor of Laws
llewelyn powys,Powys
llm,Master of Laws
lm,lumen
load,loading
load line,Plimsoll line
loader,stevedore
loading,load
loading area,loading zone
loading dock,dock
loading zone,loading area
loads,tons
loadstar,lodestar
loadstone,lodestone
loaf,loaf of bread
loaf of bread,loaf
loaf sugar,sugarloaf
loafer,idler
loafing,idleness
loan,loanword
loan-blend,loanblend
loan office,pawnbroker's shop
loan participation,participation loan
loan shark,usurer
loan translation,calque
loanblend,loan-blend
loaner,lender
loaning,lending
loanword,loan
loasa family,Loasaceae
loather,abominator
loathing,abhorrence
loathsomeness,repulsiveness
lobby,anteroom
lobe-finned fish,crossopterygian
lobed spleenwort,Asplenium pinnatifidum
lobefin,crossopterygian
lobelia cardinalis,cardinal flower
lobelia dortmanna,water lobelia
lobelia family,Lobeliaceae
lobelia inflata,Indian tobacco
lobelia siphilitica,great lobelia
lobipes lobatus,northern phalarope
loblolly pine,frankincense pine
lobotes pacificus,Pacific tripletail
lobotes surinamensis,Atlantic tripletail
lobotomy,leukotomy
lobscouse,lobscuse
lobscuse,lobscouse
lobster a la newburg,lobster Newburg
lobster plant,poinsettia
lobsterback,redcoat
lobularia maritima,sweet alyssum
lobworm,lugworm
local anaesthesia,local anesthesia
local anaesthetic,local anesthetic
local anesthesia,local anaesthesia
local anesthetic,local anaesthetic
local area network,LAN
local department,department of local government
local oscillator,heterodyne oscillator
local post office,post office
local road,local street
local street,local road
local time,civil time
locale,venue
localisation,localization of function
localisation of function,localization of function
localisation principle,localization of function
localism,sectionalism
locality,vicinity
localization,localisation
localization of function,localisation of function
localization principle,localization of function
locater,locator
locating,placement
location,placement
locative,locative role
locative role,locative
locator,locater
lock,curl
lock chamber,lock
lock ring,lockring
lock washer,lockring
lockbox,safe-deposit
locker,cabinet
locking,lockup
lockjaw,tetanus
lockkeeper,lockmaster
lockman,lockmaster
lockmaster,lockman
locknut,safety nut
lockring,lock ring
lockup,locking
loco disease,locoism
locoism,loco disease
locomotion,motive power
locomotive engine,locomotive
locomotive engineer,engineer
locomotor ataxia,tabes dorsalis
locoweed,crazyweed
locule,loculus
loculus,locule
locum,locum tenens
locum tenens,locum
locus,venue
locus niger,substantia nigra
locust,locust tree
locust bean,carob
locust pod,carob
locust tree,locust
locusta migratoria,migratory locust
locustidae,Acrididae
locution,saying
loddon pondweed,Potamogeton nodosus
lode,load
lodestar,loadstar
lodestone,loadstone
lodgement,lodgment
lodgepole,shore pine
lodgepole pine,shore pine
lodger,boarder
lodging,housing
lodging house,rooming house
lodgings,diggings
lodgment,lodgement
lodine,etodolac
lofortyx californicus,California quail
loft,attic
loft bombing,toss bombing
loftiness,highness
log,logarithm
logagraphia,agraphia
loganberry,Rubus loganobaccus
logarithm,log
loge,box
logger,lumberman
loggerhead,dunce
loggerhead shrike,Lanius lucovicianus
loggerhead turtle,loggerhead
logginess,loginess
logic,logical system
logic bomb,slag code
logic diagram,logical diagram
logic gate,gate
logic operation,logical operation
logic programing,Prolog
logic programming,Prolog
logical argument,argumentation
logical diagram,logic diagram
logical implication,implication
logical operation,logic operation
logical positivism,positivism
logical quantifier,quantifier
logical system,logic
logical thinking,reasoning
logicality,logicalness
logicalness,logicality
logician,logistician
loginess,logginess
logistic assistance,logistic support
logistic support,logistic assistance
logistician,logician
logo,logotype
logogram,logograph
logograph,logogram
logomach,logomachist
logomachist,logomach
logomania,logorrhea
logorrhea,logomania
logos,Son
logotype,logo
logrolling,birling
logwood,logwood tree
logwood tree,logwood
lohan,Arhat
loin,lumbus
loincloth,breechcloth
loins,pubes
loir,Glis glis
loire river,Loire
loiseleuria procumbens,alpine azalea
loiterer,lingerer
lola montez,Montez
lolium multiflorum,Italian ryegrass
lolium perenne,perennial ryegrass
lolium temulentum,darnel
lollipop,ice lolly
lollipop lady,lollipop woman
lollipop woman,lollipop lady
lolly,boodle
lombardia,Lombardy
lonas annua,African daisy
lonas inodora,African daisy
lone-star state,Texas
lone hand,loner
lone wolf,loner
loneliness,solitariness
loner,lone wolf
lonesomeness,aloneness
long-beard,bellarmine
long-billed marsh wren,Cistothorus palustris
long-chain molecule,long chain
long-clawed prawn,river prawn
long-distance call,long distance
long-distance runner,marathoner
long-eared owl,Asio otus
long-fin tunny,albacore
long-handled spade,ditch spade
long-head coneflower,prairie coneflower
long-horned beetle,longicorn
long-horned grasshopper,tettigoniid
long-legs,stilt
long-neck clam,soft-shell clam
long-spurred violet,Viola rostrata
long-sufferance,long-suffering
long-tailed porcupine,Trichys lipura
long-tailed weasel,longtail weasel
long-term memory,LTM
long-windedness,prolixity
long beech fern,narrow beech fern
long bone,os longum
long chain,long-chain molecule
long distance,long-distance call
long dozen,thirteen
long haul,long run
long horse,vaulting horse
long hundred,great hundred
long hundredweight,hundredweight
long jump,broad jump
long moss,Spanish moss
long pants,long trousers
long pepper,Piper longum
long pillow,bolster
long plane,jointer
long run,long haul
long saphenous vein,great saphenous vein
long suit,forte
long time,age
long ton,ton
long trousers,long pants
long underwear,union suit
long whist,whist
longan,lungen
longanberry,longan
longanimity,patience
longar palm,palmyra
longbeard,bellarmine
longcase clock,grandfather clock
longevity,length of service
longfin mako,Isurus paucus
longheaded thimbleweed,Anemone riparia
longhorn,Texas longhorn
longicorn,long-horned beetle
longicorn beetle,long-horned beetle
longing,yearning
longleaf pine,pitch pine
longlegs,stilt
longroot,pine-barren sandwort
longshoreman,stevedore
longsightedness,hyperopia
longtail weasel,long-tailed weasel
longways dance,longways
longyi,lungi
lonicera albiflora,white honeysuckle
lonicera canadensis,American fly honeysuckle
lonicera caprifolium,Italian honeysuckle
lonicera dioica,yellow honeysuckle
lonicera flava,yellow honeysuckle
lonicera hirsuta,hairy honeysuckle
lonicera involucrata,twinberry
lonicera japonica,Japanese honeysuckle
lonicera japonica halliana,Hall's honeysuckle
lonicera morrowii,Morrow's honeysuckle
lonicera periclymenum,woodbine
lonicera sempervirens,trumpet honeysuckle
lonicera tatarica,bush honeysuckle
lonicera xylosteum,European fly honeysuckle
loniten,minoxidil
lontar,palmyra
loo,water closet
loofa,loofah
loofah,loofa
look,expression
look-over,once-over
lookdown,lookdown fish
lookdown fish,lookdown
looker,spectator
looker-on,onlooker
looking-glass plant,Heritiera littoralis
looking at,look
looking for,looking
looking glass,glass
looking glass tree,Heritiera macrophylla
lookout,lookout man
lookout man,lookout
lookout station,lookout
lookup,search
loon,diver
looney,crazy
loonie,Canadian dollar
loony bin,Bedlam
loony toons,acid
loop,cringle
loop-the-loop,loop
loop topology,loop
looper,measuring worm
looping,iteration
loose-leaf lettuce,leaf lettuce
loose end,unfinished business
loose woman,adulteress
looseness,diarrhea
looseness of the bowels,diarrhea
loosening,relaxation
loosestrife family,Lythraceae
loot,booty
looter,plunderer
looting,robbery
lope,jog
lope de vega,Vega
lope felix de vega carpio,Vega
lophius americanus,goosefish
lophodytes cucullatus,hooded merganser
lopholatilus chamaeleonticeps,tilefish
lophophora williamsii,mescal
lopid,gemfibrozil
lopper,pruner
lopressor,metoprolol
lopsidedness,skewness
loquaciousness,garrulity
loquacity,garrulity
loquat,loquat tree
loquat tree,loquat
lorado taft,Taft
loranthus europaeus,mistletoe
lorazepam,Ativan
lorca,Garcia Lorca
lord,Godhead
lord's day,Sunday
lord's supper,Holy Eucharist
lord's table,altar
lord britten of aldeburgh,Britten
lord george gordon byron,Byron
lord high chancellor,Lord Chancellor
lord macaulay,Macaulay
lord nelson,Nelson
lord rayleigh,Rayleigh
lord todd,Todd
lordliness,dignity
lordosis,hollow-back
lords-and-ladies,cuckoopint
lords spiritual,first estate
lords temporal,second estate
lore,traditional knowledge
lorenz hart,Hart
lorenz milton hart,Hart
lorenz oken,Oken
lorenz okenfuss,Oken
lorenzo ganganelli,Clement XIV
lorenzo the magnificent,Lorenzo de'Medici
loretta young,Young
lorfan,levallorphan
loris gracilis,slender loris
lorry,camion
loser,also-ran
losings,losses
loss,deprivation
loss leader,drawing card
losses,losings
lot,batch
lota lota,burbot
lotario di segni,Innocent III
lothringen,Lorraine
lotion,application
lotte,goosefish
lottery,drawing
lottery winner,prize winner
lotto,bingo
lotus,Indian lotus
lotus-eater,stargazer
lotus americanus,prairie bird's-foot trefoil
lotus berthelotii,coral gem
lotus corniculatus,bird's foot trefoil
lotus land,lotusland
lotus tetragonolobus,winged pea
lotus tree,Ziziphus lotus
lotusland,lotus land
lou gehrig,Gehrig
lou gehrig's disease,amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
loud-hailer,bullhorn
loud hailer,bullhorn
loud pedal,sustaining pedal
loudmouth,blusterer
loudness,volume
loudspeaker,speaker
loudspeaker system,loudspeaker
loufah sponge,loofa
louis-hector berlioz,Berlioz
louis agassiz,Agassiz
louis antoine de bougainville,Bougainville
louis aragon,Aragon
louis armstrong,Armstrong
louis auchincloss,Auchincloss
louis b. mayer,Mayer
louis bleriot,Bleriot
louis braille,Braille
louis burt mayer,Mayer
louis charles alfred de musset,Musset
louis comfort tiffany,Tiffany
louis d'outremer,Louis IV
louis eugene felix neel,Neel
louis harold gray,Gray
louis henri sullivan,Sullivan
louis henry sullivan,Sullivan
louis isadore kahn,Kahn
louis jacques mande daguerre,Daguerre
louis joliet,Jolliet
louis jolliet,Jolliet
louis le begue,Louis II
louis le faineant,Louis V
louis le hutin,Louis X
louis leakey,Leakey
louis pasteur,Pasteur
louis seymour bazett leakey,Leakey
louis stanton auchincloss,Auchincloss
louis sullivan,Sullivan
louis the bruiser,Louis VI
louis the far,Louis VI
louis the german,Louis II
louis the great,Louis XIV
louis the pious,Louis I
louis the quarreller,Louis X
louis the stammerer,Louis II
louis the wideawake,Louis VI
louis untermeyer,Untermeyer
louis victor de broglie,Broglie
louisa may alcott,Alcott
louise nevelson,Nevelson
louisianian,Louisianan
lounge,sofa
lounge car,club car
lounge chair,easy chair
lounge lizard,lizard
lounge suit,two-piece
lounger,dallier
lounging jacket,smoking jacket
lounging pajama,lounging pyjama
lounging pyjama,lounging pajama
lounging robe,dressing gown
loup-garou,werewolf
loupe,jeweler's loupe
louse,sucking louse
louse fly,hippoboscid
lousiness,pediculosis
lout,clod
louvar,Luvarus imperialis
louver,louvre
louvered window,jalousie
louvre museum,Louvre
lovage,Levisticum officinale
lovastatin,Mevacor
love,passion
love-in-a-mist,running pop
love-in-idleness,wild pansy
love-in-winter,western prince's pine
love-lies-bleeding,velvet flower
love-philter,philter
love-philtre,philter
love-potion,philter
love-song,love song
love affair,romance
love apple,tomato
love bite,hickey
love child,bastard
love feast,agape
love grass,bay grass
love handle,spare tire
love knot,lovers' knot
love letter,billet doux
love life,sexual love
love line,line of heart
love seat,loveseat
love song,love-song
love story,romance
love tree,Judas tree
love vine,Cuscuta gronovii
lovebird,budgerigar
loveliness,comeliness
lovemaking,sexual love
lover,fan
lover's knot,love knot
lovers' knot,love knot
loveseat,love seat
loving cup,cup
lovingness,caring
lovoa klaineana,African walnut
low-birth-weight baby,low-birth-weight infant
low-birth-weight infant,low-birth-weight baby
low-bush blueberry,low blueberry
low-carbon steel,mild steel
low-density lipoprotein,LDL
low-level formatting,initialization
low-salt diet,low-sodium diet
low-sodium diet,low-salt diet
low-spiritedness,downheartedness
low-water mark,nadir
low archipelago,Tuamotu Archipelago
low blueberry,low-bush blueberry
low density,rarity
low frequency,LF
low gear,first gear
low level flight,terrain flight
low pitch,low frequency
low quality,inferiority
low relief,bas relief
low status,lowness
low temperature,coldness
low tide,low water
low water,low tide
lowan,mallee fowl
lowbush cranberry,lingonberry
lowbush penstemon,shrubby penstemon
lowell jackson thomas,Thomas
lowell thomas,Thomas
lower,lower berth
lower-case letter,small letter
lower-normandy,Basse-Normandie
lower berth,lower
lower cannon,vambrace
lower carboniferous,Mississippian
lower carboniferous period,Mississippian
lower class,underclass
lower court,inferior court
lower deck,third deck
lower jaw,mandible
lower jawbone,lower jaw
lower limit,minimum
lower rank,inferiority
lower respiratory tract smear,bronchoscopic smear
lower status,inferiority
lower tunguska,Tunguska
lowerclassman,underclassman
lowest common multiple,least common multiple
lowland burrowing treefrog,northern casque-headed frog
lowland fir,lowland white fir
lowland scot,Lowlander
lowland white fir,lowland fir
lowlands of scotland,Lowlands
lowlife,rotter
lowliness,humbleness
lowness,low status
lox,liquid oxygen
loxapine,Loxitane
loxia curvirostra,crossbill
loxitane,loxapine
loxodonta africana,African elephant
loxodrome,rhumb line
loxostege similalis,garden webworm
loyalist,stalwart
loyalty,trueness
loyang,Luoyang
loyola,Ignatius of Loyola
lozal,indapamide
lozenge,pill
lpn,licensed practical nurse
lr,lawrencium
lsd,lysergic acid diethylamide
ltd.,limited company
ltm,long-term memory
ltte,Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
lu,lutetium
lubavitch movement,Lubavitch
lubber,lout
lubber's line,lubber line
lubber's mark,lubber's line
lubber's point,lubber's line
lubber line,lubber's line
lube,lubricant
lubricant,lubricator
lubricating oil,grease
lubricating substance,lubricant
lubricating system,force-feed lubricating system
lubricator,lubricant
lubricity,prurience
lucania,Basilicata
lucerne,alfalfa
luchino visconti,Visconti
luciano pavarotti,Pavarotti
lucidity,clarity
lucidness,clarity
lucifer,Satan
lucille ball,Ball
lucius annaeus seneca,Seneca
lucius clay,Clay
lucius cornelius sulla felix,Sulla
lucius domitius ahenobarbus,Nero
lucius dubignon clay,Clay
lucius licinius lucullus,Lucullus
lucius licinius luculus,Luculus
lucius quinctius cincinnatus,Cincinnatus
lucius tarquinius superbus,Tarquin
luck,fortune
luckiness,good fortune
lucky lindy,Lindbergh
lucrativeness,profitableness
lucre,boodle
lucretia coffin mott,Mott
lucrezia borgia,Borgia
lucy craft laney,Laney
lucy in the sky with diamonds,acid
lucy maud montgomery,Montgomery
lucy stone,Stone
ludwig boltzmann,Boltzmann
ludwig josef johan wittgenstein,Wittgenstein
ludwig mies van der rohe,Mies Van Der Rohe
ludwig van beethoven,Beethoven
ludwig wittgenstein,Wittgenstein
lues,syphilis
lues venerea,syphilis
luffa,loofa
luffa acutangula,angled loofah
luffa cylindrica,loofah
luggage,baggage
luggage carousel,carousel
luggage carrousel,carousel
luggage compartment,automobile trunk
luggage rack,roof rack
luggage van,baggage car
lugh,Lug
lugsail,lug
lugubriousness,gloominess
lugworm,lug
luigi barnaba gregorio chiaramonti,Pius VII
luigi cherubini,Cherubini
luigi galvani,Galvani
luigi pirandello,Pirandello
luik,Liege
luis bunuel,Bunuel
luis de gongora y argote,Gongora
lukasiewicz notation,prefix notation
lukewarmness,tepidity
lull,letup
lullaby,cradlesong
lulli,Lully
lulu,smasher
luluabourg,Kananga
lumbago,lumbar pain
lumbar artery,arteria lumbalis
lumbar pain,lumbago
lumbar plexus,plexus lumbalis
lumbar puncture,spinal puncture
lumbar vein,vena lumbalis
lumber,timber
lumber jacket,lumberjack
lumberjack,lumberman
lumberman,lumberjack
lumberman's saw,two-handed saw
lumbermill,sawmill
lumbus,loin
lumen,lm
luminal,sodium thiopental
luminance,luminosity
luminary,leading light
luminescence,glow
luminosity,brightness
luminous intensity unit,candlepower unit
luminousness,luminosity
lummox,lout
lump,ball
lumpenus lumpretaeformis,snakeblenny
lumper,stevedore
lumpfish,Cyclopterus lumpus
lumpy jaw,cervicofacial actinomycosis
luna moth,Actias luna
lunacy,madness
lunar excursion module,lunar module
lunar module,lunar excursion module
lunar month,moon
lunar time period,tide
lunaria annua,honesty
lunate bone,semilunar bone
lunation,lunar month
lunch,luncheon
lunch meat,luncheon meat
lunch meeting,luncheon meeting
lunch period,lunchtime
luncheon,lunch
luncheon meat,lunch meat
luncheon meeting,lunch meeting
luncheon voucher,meal ticket
lunchtime,lunch period
lunda cirrhata,tufted puffin
lunette,fenestella
lunge,lurch
lungen,longan
lunger,consumptive
lungi,lungyi
lungless salamander,plethodont
lungyi,lungi
lunkhead,dunce
lunula,half-moon
lunule,half-moon
lupin,lupine
lupinus albus,white lupine
lupinus arboreus,tree lupine
lupinus luteus,yellow lupine
lupinus perennis,wild lupine
lupinus subcarnosus,bluebonnet
lupinus texensis,Texas bluebonnet
lupus erythematosus,LE
lurch,stumble
lurcher,lurker
lure,enticement
luridness,sensationalism
lurker,skulker
lusatian,Sorbian
luschka's tonsil,pharyngeal tonsil
luscinia luscinia,thrush nightingale
luscinia megarhynchos,nightingale
lusciousness,delectability
lushness,luxuriance
lust,lecherousness
lust for learning,desire to know
luster,lustre
lusterlessness,flatness
lustfulness,lecherousness
lustiness,robustness
lustre,luster
lustrelessness,flatness
lusus naturae,freak
lut desert,Dasht-e-Lut
luta,Luda
lutanist,lutist
lute,luting
luteal phase,secretory phase
lutecium,lutetium
lutefisk,lutfisk
lutein,xanthophyll
luteinizing hormone,LH
lutenist,lutist
luteotropin,prolactin
lutetium,lutecium
lutfisk,lutefisk
luther burbank,Burbank
luting,lute
lutist,lutanist
lutjanus analis,mutton snapper
lutjanus apodus,schoolmaster
lutjanus blackfordi,red snapper
lutjanus griseus,grey snapper
lutra canadensis,river otter
lutra lutra,Eurasian otter
luvarus imperialis,louvar
luvian,Luwian
lux,lx
luxembourg,Luxembourg-Ville
luxembourg city,Luxembourg-Ville
luxembourger,Luxemburger
luxemburg,Luxembourg-Ville
luxuria,lust
luxuriance,lushness
luxuriousness,luxury
luxury,lavishness
luxury liner,express luxury liner
lyallpur,Faisalabad
lycaena hypophlaeas,American copper
lycaenid,lycaenid butterfly
lycaenid butterfly,lycaenid
lycanthrope,werewolf
lycaon pictus,African hunting dog
lycee,secondary school
lyceum,secondary school
lychee,litchi
lychgate,lichgate
lychins chalcedonica,scarlet lychnis
lychins floscuculi,ragged robin
lychnis,catchfly
lychnis alba,white campion
lychnis coronaria,mullein pink
lychnis dioica,red campion
lychnis flos-cuculi,ragged robin
lycium barbarum,common matrimony vine
lycium carolinianum,Christmasberry
lycium halimifolium,common matrimony vine
lycopersicon esculentum,tomato
lycopersicon esculentum cerasiforme,cherry tomato
lycopersicum,Lycopersicon
lycopod,club moss
lycopodiate,Lycopsida
lycopodium alopecuroides,foxtail grass
lycopodium alpinum,alpine clubmoss
lycopodium clavitum,running pine
lycopodium complanatum,ground cedar
lycopodium lucidulum,shining clubmoss
lycopodium obscurum,ground fir
lycopodium selago,fir clubmoss
lycopus americanus,water horehound
lycopus europaeus,gipsywort
lycopus virginicus,bugleweed
lycosa tarentula,European wolf spider
lydia kamekeha paki liliuokalani,Liliuokalani
lygaeid,lygaeid bug
lygaeid bug,lygaeid
lyginopteridales,Cycadofilicales
lygodium microphyllum,climbing maidenhair
lygodium palmatum,creeping fern
lygus lineolaris,tarnished plant bug
lying,prevarication
lying-in,parturiency
lying under oath,perjury
lyman frank brown,Baum
lymantria dispar,gypsy moth
lymantriid,tussock moth
lyme arthritis,Lyme disease
lymph cell,lymphocyte
lymph gland,lymph node
lymph node,lymph gland
lymph vessel,lymphatic vessel
lymphangiectasia,lymphangiectasis
lymphangiectasis,lymphangiectasia
lymphangiography,lymphography
lymphatic system,systema lymphaticum
lymphatic tissue,lymphoid tissue
lymphatic vessel,lymph vessel
lymphocyte,lymph cell
lymphocytopenia,lymphopenia
lymphogranuloma venereum,LGV
lymphography,lymphangiography
lymphoid tissue,lymphatic tissue
lymphopathia venereum,lymphogranuloma venereum
lymphopenia,lymphocytopenia
lynchpin,anchor
lyndon baines johnson,Johnson
lyndon johnson,Johnson
lynn fontanne,Fontanne
lynx,catamount
lynx canadensis,Canada lynx
lynx caracal,caracal
lynx lynx,common lynx
lynx pardina,spotted lynx
lynx rufus,bobcat
lyonia ligustrina,maleberry
lyonia lucida,fetterbush
lyonia mariana,staggerbush
lyons,Lyon
lyophilisation,freeze-drying
lyophilization,freeze-drying
lyre-flower,bleeding heart
lyreflower,bleeding heart
lyric poem,lyric
lyricality,lyricism
lyricism,lyricality
lyricist,lyrist
lyrist,lyricist
lyrurus mlokosiewiczi,Asian black grouse
lyrurus tetrix,European black grouse
lysergic acid diethylamide,LSD
lysichiton americanum,skunk cabbage
lysichitum,Lysichiton
lysiloma bahamensis,wild tamarind
lysiloma latisiliqua,wild tamarind
lysiloma sabicu,sabicu
lysimachia ciliatum,fringed loosestrife
lysimachia clethroides duby,gooseneck loosestrife
lysimachia nemorum,yellow pimpernel
lysimachia nummularia,moneywort
lysimachia quadrifolia,whorled loosestrife
lysimachia terrestris,swamp candles
lysimachia vulgaris,yellow loosestrife
lysogenicity,lysogeny
lysogenisation,lysogenization
lysogenization,lysogenisation
lysogeny,lysogenicity
lysozyme,muramidase
lyssa,rabies
lythrum hyssopifolia,grass poly
lythrum salicaria,purple loosestrife
lytton strachey,Strachey
m-1,Garand rifle
m-1 rifle,Garand rifle
m. j. schleiden,Schleiden
m.m.,beats per minute
ma,mama
ma'am,dame
maarianhamina,Mariehamn
mac,macintosh
macaca irus,crab-eating macaque
macaca mulatta,rhesus
macaca radiata,bonnet macaque
macaca sylvana,Barbary ape
macadam,tarmacadam
macadamia,macadamia tree
macadamia nut,macadamia nut tree
macadamia nut tree,macadamia nut
macadamia ternifolia,macadamia nut
macadamia tetraphylla,Queensland nut
macadamia tree,macadamia
macamba,grugru
macaroni wheat,durum
macau,Macao
macebearer,mace
macer,macebearer
maceration,bonyness
macguffin,McGuffin
machaeranthera bigelovii,sticky aster
machaeranthera tanacetifolia,tahoka daisy
machaeranthera tortifoloia,Mojave aster
machete,matchet
machilid,jumping bristletail
machination,intrigue
machinator,conspirator
machine,simple machine
machine-oriented language,computer language
machine code,machine language
machine gunner,artilleryman
machine language,computer language
machine operation,computer operation
machine pistol,burp gun
machine politician,ward-heeler
machine readable dictionary,MRD
machine rifle,automatic rifle
machine stitch,sewing-machine stitch
machine translation,MT
machinist,mechanic
machinist's vise,metalworking vise
macho-man,stud
macintosh,mackintosh
mack,macintosh
mack sennett,Sennett
mackenzie river,Mackenzie
mackerel scad,mackerel shad
mackerel shad,mackerel scad
mackinaw,Mackinaw coat
mackinaw blanket,mackinaw
mackinaw boat,mackinaw
mackinaw coat,mackinaw
mackintosh,macintosh
macleaya cordata,plume poppy
maclura pomifera,osage orange
maconnais,macon
macro instruction,macro
macrocephalon maleo,maleo
macrocephaly,megacephaly
macrocheira kaempferi,giant crab
macroclemys temmincki,alligator snapping turtle
macrocosm,universe
macrocyte,megalocyte
macrocytic anaemia,macrocytic anemia
macrocytic anemia,macrocytic anaemia
macrodactylus subspinosus,rose chafer
macrodantin,nitrofurantoin
macroeconomic expert,macroeconomist
macroeconomist,macroeconomic expert
macroglia,astroglia
macromolecule,supermolecule
macronectes giganteus,giant petrel
macropus agiles,common wallaby
macropus giganteus,giant kangaroo
macroscopic anatomy,gross anatomy
macrosporangium,megasporangium
macrospore,megaspore
macrotis lagotis,rabbit-eared bandicoot
macrotus,Macrotus californicus
macrotus californicus,macrotus
macrotyloma uniflorum,horse gram
macrozamia communis,burrawong
macrozamia spiralis,burrawong
macrozoarces americanus,ocean pout
macruridae,Macrouridae
macula,sunspot
macula lutea,macula
macular area,macula
maculation,spot
macule,macula
mad-dog skullcap,blue pimpernel
mad-dog weed,blue pimpernel
mad anthony wayne,Wayne
mad apple,eggplant
mad cow disease,bovine spongiform encephalitis
madagascar pepper,pepper
madagascar periwinkle,periwinkle
madagascar plum,governor's plum
madake,giant timber bamboo
madam,dame
madame curie,Curie
madame de maintenon,Maintenon
madame de stael,Stael
madame tussaud,Tussaud
madder,Rubia tinctorum
madder family,Rubiaceae
madderwort,rubiaceous plant
madeira river,Madeira
madeira sponge,Madeira cake
madeira winter cherry,Jerusalem cherry
madeiras,Madeira Islands
mademoiselle,silver perch
madhouse,Bedlam
madia elegans,common madia
madia oil plant,melosa
madia sativa,melosa
madman,lunatic
madnep,wild parsnip
madness,lunacy
madonna,Mary
madonna louise ciccone,Madonna
madras,Tamil Nadu
madrasa,madrasah
madrasah,madrasa
madrepore,stony coral
madriporian coral,stony coral
madrona,madrono
madrono,madrona
madwort,alyssum
mae west,West
maelstrom,whirlpool
maestro,master
mafa,Matakam
maffeo barberini,Urban VIII
maffia,Mafia
mag,magazine
mag tape,magnetic tape
magazine,mag
magazine publisher,magazine
magdalena river,Magdalena
magen david,Star of David
magha,Magh
magi,Wise Men
magic eye,photoelectric cell
magic marker,felt-tip pen
magic mushroom,mescal button
magic spell,spell
magic trick,conjuring trick
magical ability,magical power
magical power,magical ability
magical spell,spell
magician,prestidigitator
magicicada septendecim,seventeen-year locust
magilp,megilp
magistracy,magistrature
magistrature,magistracy
maglev,magnetic levitation
magna charta,Magna Carta
magna mater,Cybele
magnanimity,munificence
magnanimousness,nobility
magnate,baron
magnesia,periclase
magnesium,Mg
magnesium oxide,periclase
magnet,attraction
magnetic attraction,magnetism
magnetic core,core
magnetic core memory,core memory
magnetic declination,magnetic variation
magnetic dip,dip
magnetic disc,magnetic disk
magnetic disk,magnetic disc
magnetic equator,aclinic line
magnetic field,magnetic flux
magnetic field strength,magnetic intensity
magnetic flux,magnetic field
magnetic flux density,magnetic field strength
magnetic flux unit,flux unit
magnetic force,magnetism
magnetic inclination,dip
magnetic induction,magnetization
magnetic intensity,magnetic field strength
magnetic iron-ore,magnetite
magnetic levitation,maglev
magnetic medium,magnetic storage medium
magnetic moment,moment of a magnet
magnetic north,north
magnetic pole,pole
magnetic pyrites,pyrrhotite
magnetic resonance imaging,MRI
magnetic storage,magnetic storage medium
magnetic storage medium,magnetic medium
magnetic tape,mag tape
magnetic variation,magnetic declination
magnetics,magnetism
magnetisation,magnetization
magnetism,magnetic attraction
magnetite,magnetic iron-ore
magnetization,magnetisation
magneto,magnetoelectric machine
magnetoelectric machine,magneto
magnetometer,gaussmeter
magnification,exaggeration
magnificence,impressiveness
magnifying glass,hand glass
magniloquence,grandiosity
magnitude,order of magnitude
magnitude relation,quantitative relation
magnolia acuminata,cucumber tree
magnolia family,Magnoliaceae
magnolia fraseri,earleaved umbrella tree
magnolia grandiflora,southern magnolia
magnolia macrophylla,large-leaved magnolia
magnolia soulangiana,saucer magnolia
magnolia state,Mississippi
magnolia stellata,star magnolia
magnolia tripetala,umbrella tree
magnolia virginiana,sweet bay
magnoliophyta,Angiospermae
magnoliopsid,dicot
magnoliopsid family,dicot family
magnoliopsid genus,dicot genus
magnoliopsida,Dicotyledones
magpie,scavenger
maguey,Agave atrovirens
magyarorszag,Hungary
maha,Omaha
mahabharatam,Mahabharata
mahabharatum,Mahabharata
mahagua,mahoe
mahalia jackson,Jackson
maharaja,maharajah
maharajah,maharaja
maharanee,maharani
maharani,maharanee
mahatma gandhi,Gandhi
mahayana buddhism,Mahayana
mahernia verticillata,honey bell
mahgrib,Maghreb
mahican,Mohican
mahimahi,dolphinfish
mahjong,Mah-Jongg
mahlstick,maulstick
mahoe,majagua
mahogany,mahogany tree
mahogany family,Meliaceae
mahogany tree,mahogany
mahomet,Mohammed
mahonia aquifolium,Oregon grape
mahonia nervosa,Oregon grape
mahound,Mohammed
mahratta,Maratha
mahratti,Marathi
mahuang,Ephedra sinica
maia,Maja
maianthemum bifolium,false lily of the valley
maianthemum canadense,false lily of the valley
maid,maidservant
maid of honor,bridesmaid
maiden over,maiden
maiden pink,Dianthus deltoides
maidenhair,maidenhair fern
maidenhair berry,creeping snowberry
maidenhair fern,maidenhair
maidenhair spleenwort,Asplenium trichomanes
maidenhair tree,ginkgo
maidenhead,hymen
maidenhood,girlhood
maidhood,girlhood
maidism,pellagra
maidservant,maid
maieutic method,Socratic method
maiger,maigre
maigre,maiger
maikoa,angel's trumpet
mail,mail service
mail-order buying,catalog buying
mail boat,mailboat
mail carrier,mailman
mail clerk,postal clerk
mail pouch,mailbag
mail service,mail
mailbag,mail pouch
mailboat,mail boat
mailbox,letter box
mailing,posting
mailing-card,postcard
maillot,tank suit
mailman,postman
maimer,mutilator
main clause,independent clause
main course,entree
main deck,second deck
main diagonal,principal diagonal
main entry word,citation form
main file,master file
main office,headquarters
main road,highway
main street,high street
maine lobster,American lobster
mainframe,mainframe computer
mainframe computer,mainframe
mainland china,China
mainsheet,sheet
mainstay,pillar
maintainer,upholder
maintenance,care
maintenance man,repairman
maintenance staff,service staff
maiolica,majolica
maisonette,maisonnette
maisonnette,maisonette
maitre d',captain
maitre d'hotel,captain
maize,corn
maja squinado,European spider crab
majagua,mahoe
majesty,stateliness
majolica,maiolica
major-domo,seneschal
major-league club,major-league team
major-league team,major-league club
major affective disorder,affective disorder
major diatonic scale,major scale
major key,major mode
major league,big league
major leaguer,big leaguer
major mode,major key
major planet,planet
major power,world power
major premise,major premiss
major premiss,major premise
major scale,major diatonic scale
major tranquilizer,major tranquillizer
major tranquilliser,major tranquilizer
major tranquillizer,major tranquilizer
majorana hortensis,sweet marjoram
majorette,drum majorette
majority,bulk
majority rule,democracy
majors,major league
mak,Maktab al-Khidmat
makaira albida,white marlin
makaira marlina,black marlin
makaira mazara,black marlin
makaira mitsukurii,striped marlin
makaira nigricans,blue marlin
makataimeshekiakiak,Black Hawk
make,brand
make-do,makeshift
make-peace,conciliator
make-up,makeup
make-work,busywork
makedonija,Macedon
maker,shaper
makeup,make-up
makeweight,filler
makin,Tarawa
making,devising
making known,informing
making love,sexual love
making water,leak
mako,mako shark
mako shark,mako
makomako,New Zealand wine berry
maksim gorky,Gorky
mal de la rosa,pellagra
mal de mer,seasickness
mal rosso,pellagra
malabar kino,East India kino
malacca,malacca cane
malacca cane,malacca
malachias,Malachi
malaclemys centrata,diamondback terrapin
malacopterygian,soft-finned fish
malacosoma americana,tent-caterpillar moth
malacosoma disstria,forest tent caterpillar
malacothamnus fasciculatus,chaparral mallow
maladroitness,awkwardness
malady,illness
malagasy republic,Madagascar
malaise,unease
malamute,malemute
malanga,yautia
malaprop,malapropism
malapropism,malaprop
malar,cheekbone
malar bone,cheekbone
malaria mosquito,malarial mosquito
malaria parasite,plasmodium
malarial mosquito,malaria mosquito
malarkey,wind
malarky,wind
malaxis-unifolia,green adder's mouth
malaxis ophioglossoides,green adder's mouth
malaya,Malaysia
malaysia militant group,Jemaah Islamiyah
malaysian mujahidin group,Jemaah Islamiyah
malcolm little,Malcolm X
malcolm lowry,Lowry
malcolmia maritima,Virginian stock
maldivan,Maldivian
maldive islands,Maldives
male-patterned baldness,male pattern baldness
male berry,maleberry
male chauvinism,chauvinism
male chauvinist,sexist
male child,boy
male erecticle dysfunction,erectile dysfunction
male fern,Dryopteris filix-mas
male genital organ,male genitalia
male genitalia,male genitals
male genitals,male genitalia
male hypogonadism,eunuchoidism
male monarch,king
male offspring,man-child
male orchis,early purple orchid
male parent,father
male pattern baldness,male-patterned baldness
male person,male
male plug,plug
maleberry,male berry
malediction,imprecation
malefactor,criminal
maleficence,mischief
malemute,malamute
maleness,masculinity
maleo,Macrocephalon maleo
maleseet,Malecite
malevolence,malignity
malevolency,malevolence
malformation,deformity
malheur wire lettuce,Stephanomeria malheurensis
malice,maliciousness
malice aforethought,mens rea
malicious gossip,scandal
malicious mischief,vandalism
maliciousness,malice
malignance,malignancy
malignancy,malignance
malignant anaemia,pernicious anemia
malignant anemia,pernicious anemia
malignant hepatoma,hepatoma
malignant melanoma,melanoma
malignant neoplasm,malignant tumor
malignant neoplastic disease,cancer
malignant neuroma,neurosarcoma
malignant pustule,cutaneous anthrax
malignant tumor,malignant neoplasm
maligner,defamer
malignity,malevolence
malignment,smear
malingerer,skulker
malingering,skulking
mall,promenade
mallard,Anas platyrhynchos
malleability,plasticity
mallee fowl,leipoa
mallet,hammer
malleus,hammer
mallow family,Malvaceae
malnourishment,undernourishment
malodor,malodour
malodorousness,stinkiness
malodour,malodor
malonylurea,barbituric acid
malope,Malope trifida
malope trifida,malope
malopterurus electricus,electric catfish
malosma laurina,laurel sumac
malpighia glabra,barbados cherry
malpighia obovata,jiqui
malpighian body,malpighian corpuscle
malpighian corpuscle,malpighian body
malpighian layer,stratum germinativum
malposition,misplacement
mals,Master of Arts in Library Science
malt,malted
malt liquor,malt
malt sugar,maltose
malt whiskey,Scotch
malt whisky,Scotch
malta fever,brucellosis
malted milk,malted
maltese cat,Maltese
maltese cross,scarlet lychnis
maltese language,Maltese
maltese lira,lira
maltese terrier,Maltese dog
maltha,mineral tar
malthusian theory,Malthusianism
malti,Maltese
maltman,maltster
maltose,malt sugar
maltreater,abuser
maltreatment,ill-treatment
maltster,maltman
malus angustifolia,Southern crab apple
malus baccata,Siberian crab
malus coronaria,American crab apple
malus fusca,Oregon crab apple
malus ioensis,Iowa crab
malus pumila,apple
malus sylvestris,wild crab
malva moschata,musk mallow
malva neglecta,common mallow
malva sylvestris,tall mallow
malvastrum coccineum,prairie mallow
malvina hoffman,Hoffman
mama,ma
mama's boy,mother's boy
mamey,mammee apple
mamilla,nipple
mamillary body,mammillary body
mamma,ma
mamma's boy,mother's boy
mammal,mammalian
mammal semnopithecus,Presbytes
mammary gland,mamma
mammea americana,mammee apple
mammee,marmalade tree
mammee apple,mammee
mammee tree,mammee apple
mammilla,nipple
mammillaria plumosa,feather ball
mammillary body,mamillary body
mammut americanum,American mastodon
mammuthus columbi,columbian mammoth
mammuthus primigenius,woolly mammoth
mammy,ma
mamoncillo,Spanish lime
man,adult male
man's body,adult male body
man-about-town,playboy
man-child,male offspring
man-eater,cannibal
man-eating shark,great white shark
man-made fiber,synthetic fiber
man-made lake,reservoir
man-of-the-earth,Ipomoea leptophylla
man-of-war,ship of the line
man-of-war bird,frigate bird
man-on-a-horse,Tricholoma flavovirens
man and wife,marriage
man friday,right-hand man
man hour,person hour
man in the street,John Doe
man of action,man of deeds
man of affairs,businessman
man of deeds,man of action
man of means,rich man
man of the cloth,clergyman
man of the world,sophisticate
manacle,handcuff
manageability,manageableness
manageableness,manageability
management,direction
manager,director
managing director,director
manakin,mannequin
manassa mauler,Dempsey
manatee,Trichechus manatus
manawyddan,Manawydan
manchu dynasty,Qing
mandamus,writ of mandamus
mandarin,mandarin orange
mandarin chinese,Mandarin
mandarin dialect,Mandarin
mandarin duck,Aix galericulata
mandarin orange,mandarin
mandarin orange tree,mandarin
mandatary,mandatory
mandate,authorization
mandeanism,Mandaeanism
mandelamine,methenamine
mandelshtam,Mandelstam
mandevilla boliviensis,white dipladenia
mandevilla laxa,Chilean jasmine
mandible,lower jaw
mandibula,lower jaw
mandibular bone,lower jaw
mandibular condyle,condylar process
mandibular fossa,glenoid fossa
mandibular gland,submaxillary gland
mandibular joint,temporomandibular joint
mandioc,bitter cassava
mandioca,bitter cassava
mandragora officinarum,mandrake
mandrake,mandrake root
mandrake root,mandrake
mandrel,spindle
mandril,spindle
mandrill,Mandrillus sphinx
mandrillus leucophaeus,drill
mandrillus sphinx,mandrill
manduca quinquemaculata,tomato hornworm
manduca sexta,tobacco hornworm
manduction,Communion
mane,head of hair
maned sheep,aoudad
maned wolf,red wolf
maneuver,manoeuvre
maneuverability,manoeuvrability
maneuverer,manoeuvrer
manfred eigen,Eigen
manfulness,manliness
manganese,Mn
manganese bronze,high-strength brass
manganese steel,austenitic manganese steel
mangel-wurzel,mangold-wurzel
manger,trough
mangifera indica,mango
manginess,shabbiness
mangler,mutilator
manglietia,genus Manglietia
mango,mango tree
mango tree,mango
mangold,mangel-wurzel
mangold-wurzel,mangel-wurzel
mangonel,catapult
mangosteen,mangosteen tree
mangosteen tree,mangosteen
mangrove,Rhizophora mangle
mangrove family,Rhizophoraceae
mangrove snapper,grey snapper
manhood,humanness
mania,passion
manic-depressive psychosis,bipolar disorder
manic depression,bipolar disorder
manic depressive illness,bipolar disorder
manic disorder,mania
manichaeanism,Manichaeism
manifestation,materialization
manifesto,pronunciamento
manifold paper,manifold
manihot dulcis,sweet cassava
manihot esculenta,bitter cassava
manihot utilissima,bitter cassava
manikin,mannikin
manila,manila paper
manila bean,winged bean
manila maguey,cantala
manila paper,manila
manila tamarind,camachile
manilkara bidentata,balata
manilkara zapota,sapodilla
manilla,manila
manilla hemp,Manila hemp
manilla paper,manila
manioc,cassava
manioca,cassava
manipulation,use
manipulative electronic deception,electronic manipulative deception
manipulator,operator
mankind,world
manliness,manfulness
manna,miraculous food
manna ash,flowering ash
manna from heaven,miraculous food
manna grass,sweet grass
manna gum,Eucalyptus viminalis
mannequin,manikin
manner,mode
manner name,troponym
manner of speaking,speech
manner of walking,walk
mannerism,idiosyncrasy
manners,manner
mannikin,manikin
mannitol,Osmitrol
manoeuvrability,maneuverability
manoeuvre,tactic
manoeuvrer,maneuverer
manor,manor house
manor hall,hall
manor house,manor
manpower,work force
manroot,wild potato vine
mansard roof,mansard
manse,mansion
mansi,Vogul
mansion,sign of the zodiac
mansion house,mansion
manslayer,murderer
manta,manta ray
manta birostris,Atlantic manta
manta ray,manta
manteidae,Mantidae
mantel,mantelpiece
mantelet,mantlet
mantelpiece,mantel
mantichora,manticore
manticora,manticore
manticore,mantichora
mantid,mantis
mantiger,manticore
mantilla,mantelet
mantineia,Mantinea
mantis,mantid
mantis crab,mantis shrimp
mantis prawn,squilla
mantis religioso,praying mantis
mantis shrimp,mantis crab
mantissa,fixed-point part
mantled ground squirrel,Citellus lateralis
mantlepiece,mantel
mantlet,mantelet
mantrap,smasher
manual alphabet,finger alphabet
manual dexterity,dexterity
manual labor,manual labour
manual laborer,laborer
manual labour,manual labor
manual of arms,manual
manuel de falla,Falla
manufactory,factory
manufacture,industry
manufactured home,mobile home
manufacturer,maker
manufacturing,fabrication
manufacturing business,manufacturer
manufacturing plant,factory
manul,Pallas's cat
manumitter,emancipator
manus,hand
manuscript,ms
manx cat,Manx
manzanita,madrona
mao,monoamine oxidase
mao tsetung,Mao
mao zedong,Mao
maoi,monoamine oxidase inhibitor
maori hen,weka
map,function
map collection,atlas
map maker,cartographer
maple-leaf begonia,grape-leaf begonia
maple-leaved bayur,mayeng
maple family,Aceraceae
maple syrup urine disease,branched chain ketoaciduria
mapmaking,cartography
mapper,plotter
mapping,function
maquisard,Maquis
mar,March
marabou,marabout
marabou stork,marabou
marabout,marabou
maracan language,Maraco
marang,marang tree
marang tree,marang
maranta arundinaceae,arrowroot
marasca,marasca cherry
marasca cherry,marasca
maraschino,maraschino liqueur
maraschino cherry,marasca
maraschino liqueur,maraschino
marasmius oreades,fairy-ring mushroom
marathon,endurance contest
marathon runner,marathoner
marathoner,marathon runner
marattia salicina,potato fern
maraud,foray
marauder,predator
maravilla,desert four o'clock
marble-wood,marblewood
marble bones disease,osteopetrosis
marbleisation,marbleization
marbleising,marbleization
marbleization,marbleisation
marbleizing,marbleization
marbles,wits
marblewood,marble-wood
marburg hemorrhagic fever,Marburg disease
marc blitzstein,Blitzstein
marc chagall,Chagall
marcel duchamp,Duchamp
marcel lajos breuer,Breuer
marcel marceau,Marceau
marcel proust,Proust
marcello malpighi,Malpighi
march 17,St Patrick's Day
march 19,Saint Joseph
march 2,Texas Independence Day
march 25,Annunciation
march equinox,vernal equinox
march king,Sousa
marchand de vin,mushroom wine sauce
marchantia polymorpha,hepatica
marcher,parader
marches,Marche
marching,march
marching music,march
marching orders,walking papers
marchioness,marquise
marchland,borderland
marchpane,marzipan
marco polo,Polo
marco polo's sheep,Marco Polo sheep
marconi rig,Bermuda rig
marcus annius verus,Antoninus
marcus antonius,Antony
marcus aurelius,Antoninus
marcus aurelius antoninus,Antoninus
marcus aurelius valerius maximianus,Maximian
marcus cocceius nerva,Nerva
marcus junius brutus,Brutus
marcus terentius varro,Varro
marcus tullius cicero,Cicero
marcus ulpius traianus,Trajan
marcus vipsanius agrippa,Agrippa
marcus whitman,Whitman
mare,female horse
mare's nest,clutter
margaret court,Court
margaret higgins sanger,Sanger
margaret hilda thatcher,Thatcher
margaret mead,Mead
margaret mitchell,Mitchell
margaret munnerlyn mitchell,Mitchell
margaret sanger,Sanger
margaret thatcher,Thatcher
margarete gertrud zelle,Mata Hari
margaric acid,heptadecanoic acid
margarin,glycerol trimargarate
margarine,margarin
margasivsa,Aghan
margate,Haemulon album
margay,margay cat
margay cat,margay
marge,margarine
margin,border
margin call,call
margin of error,margin of safety
margin of profit,profit margin
margin of safety,safety margin
marginal cost,incremental cost
marginal placentation,ventral placentation
marginal wood fern,evergreen wood fern
marginalisation,marginalization
marginalization,marginalisation
marginocephalian,Marginocephalia
margosa,neem
marguerite,oxeye daisy
marguerite daisy,marguerite
marguerite radclyffe hall,Hall
mari,Cheremis
maria,mare
maria callas,Callas
maria luigi carlo zenobio cherubini,Cherubini
maria magdalene von losch,Dietrich
maria meneghini callas,Callas
maria mitchell,Mitchell
maria montesorri,Montessori
maria tallchief,Tallchief
marian anderson,Anderson
marianas,Mariana Islands
marianne craig moore,Moore
marianne moore,Moore
marie-strumpell disease,ankylosing spondylitis
marie anne charlotte corday d'armont,Corday
marie charlotte carmichael stopes,Stopes
marie curie,Curie
marie dolores eliza rosanna gilbert,Montez
marie goeppert mayer,Mayer
marie grosholtz,Tussaud
marie henri beyle,Stendhal
marie jean antoine nicolas caritat,Condorcet
marie jeanne becu,Du Barry
marie joseph paul yves roch gilbert du motier,Lafayette
marie louise elisabeth vigee-lebrun,Vigee-Lebrun
marie stopes,Stopes
marie tussaud,Tussaud
marihuana,marijuana
marijuana,marihuana
marijuana cigarette,joint
marilyn horne,Horne
marilyn monroe,Monroe
marimba,xylophone
marine animal,marine creature
marine archaeology,marine archeology
marine archeology,marine archaeology
marine corps,United States Marine Corps
marine creature,marine animal
marine engineer,naval engineer
marine iguana,Amblyrhynchus cristatus
marine law,maritime law
marine mine,floating mine
marine museum,aquarium
marine mussel,mytilid
marine turtle,sea turtle
mariner,seaman
mariner's compass,compass card
marino,Marini
mario vargas llosa,Vargas Llosa
marionette,puppet
mariotte's law,Boyle's law
mariposa,mariposa tulip
mariposa lily,mariposa
mariposa tulip,mariposa
marital bed,marital relationship
marital communications privilege,husband-wife privilege
marital relationship,marital bed
maritime law,marine law
maritimes,Maritime Provinces
marjoram,oregano
mark,grade
mark anthony,Antony
mark antony,Antony
mark clark,Clark
mark hopkins,Hopkins
mark rothko,Rothko
mark tobey,Tobey
mark twain,Clemens
mark wayne clark,Clark
marker,marking
market,marketplace
market capitalisation,market capitalization
market capitalization,market capitalisation
market economy,free enterprise
market keeper,shopkeeper
market place,marketplace
market price,market value
market research,marketing research
market square,open-air market
market value,market price
marketer,seller
marketing,selling
marketing research,market research
marketplace,market
markhoor,markhor
markhor,markhoor
marking,marker
markka,Finnish mark
markoff,Markov
markoff chain,Markov chain
markoff process,Markov process
marksman,sharpshooter
markweed,poison ivy
marlberry,Ardisia escallonoides
marlene dietrich,Dietrich
marlinespike,marlinspike
marlingspike,marlinespike
marlinspike,marlinespike
marlite,marlstone
marlstone,marlite
marmalade box,genipap fruit
marmalade bush,fire bush
marmalade orange,sour orange
marmalade plum,sapote
marmalade tree,mammee
marmara denizi,Marmara
marmora,Marmara
marmota caligata,hoary marmot
marmota flaviventris,yellowbelly marmot
marmota monax,groundhog
marne river,Battle of the Marne
marocain,crepe marocain
marplan,isocarboxazid
marque,trade name
marquee,pavilion
marquess,marquis
marqueterie,marquetry
marquetry,marqueterie
marquis de condorcet,Condorcet
marquis de lafayette,Lafayette
marquis de laplace,Laplace
marquis de sade,Sade
marquise,marchioness
marquise de maintenon,Maintenon
marquise de montespan,Montespan
marquise de pompadour,Pompadour
marrakech,Marrakesh
marri,red gum
marriage,matrimony
marriage broker,matchmaker
marriage brokerage,marriage mart
marriage ceremony,marriage
marriage contract,marriage settlement
marriage licence,marriage license
marriage license,marriage licence
marriage mart,marriage brokerage
marriage offer,marriage proposal
marriage proposal,proposal of marriage
marriage settlement,marriage contract
married couple,marriage
married man,husband
married person,spouse
married woman,wife
marrow,bone marrow
marrow squash,marrow
marrubium vulgare,common horehound
marruecos,Morocco
marseilles,Marseille
marsh,marshland
marsh andromeda,common bog rosemary
marsh bellflower,Campanula aparinoides
marsh buggy,swamp buggy
marsh clematis,blue jasmine
marsh cress,yellow watercress
marsh elder,iva
marsh felwort,Swertia perennia
marsh fern,Thelypteris palustris
marsh gentian,calathian violet
marsh hare,swamp rabbit
marsh harrier,Circus Aeruginosus
marsh hawk,northern harrier
marsh hen,American coot
marsh horsetail,Equisetum palustre
marsh mallow,white mallow
marsh marigold,kingcup
marsh milkweed,Joe-Pye weed
marsh pea,Lathyrus palustris
marsh pink,rose pink
marsh plant,bog plant
marsh rosemary,sea lavender
marsh tea,wild rosemary
marsh trefoil,water shamrock
marshal,marshall
marshal saxe,Saxe
marshal tito,Tito
marshall mcluhan,McLuhan
marshals,United States Marshals Service
marshland,marsh
marsilea drummondii,nardoo
marsilea quadrifolia,water clover
marsupial mole,pouched mole
marsupial mouse,pouched mouse
marsupial rat,pouched mouse
mart,marketplace
marta brigit nilsson,Nilsson
martagon,Turk's-cap
marten,marten cat
marten cat,marten
martes americana,American marten
martes foina,stone marten
martes martes,pine marten
martes pennanti,fisher
martes zibellina,sable
martha beatrice potter webb,Webb
martha graham,Graham
martha jane burk,Burk
martha jane burke,Burk
martial music,military march
martin buber,Buber
martin cline,Cline
martin heidegger,Heidegger
martin heinrich klaproth,Klaproth
martin luther,Luther
martin luther king,King
martin luther king day,Martin Luther King Jr's Birthday
martin luther king jr.,King
martin scorsese,Scorsese
martin van buren,Van Buren
martina navratilova,Navratilova
martinet,disciplinarian
martingale,dolphin striker
martynia,Martynia annua
martynia annua,martynia
martynia arenaria,sand devil's claw
martynia fragrans,sweet unicorn plant
martyr,sufferer
martyr operation,suicide mission
martyrdom,calvary
martyrs of al-aqsa,Aksa Martyrs Brigades
marum,cat thyme
marumi,marumi kumquat
marumi kumquat,marumi
marupa,Simarouba amara
marvel,wonder
marvel-of-peru,common four-o'clock
marveller,wonderer
marvin neil simon,Simon
marxism-leninism,Leninism
mary ann evans,Eliot
mary ashton rice livermore,Livermore
mary augusta arnold ward,Ward
mary baker eddy,Eddy
mary douglas leakey,Leakey
mary flannery o'connor,O'Connor
mary godwin wollstonecraft shelley,Shelley
mary harris jones,Jones
mary jane,pot
mary leakey,Leakey
mary leontyne price,Price
mary ludwig hays mccauley,McCauley
mary magdalen,Mary Magdalene
mary mallon,Mallon
mary martin,Martin
mary mccarthy,McCarthy
mary mccauley,McCauley
mary mcleod bethune,Bethune
mary morse baker eddy,Eddy
mary pickford,Pickford
mary shelley,Shelley
mary stuart,Mary Queen of Scots
mary therese mccarthy,McCarthy
mary tudor,Mary I
mary wollstonecraft,Wollstonecraft
mary wollstonecraft godwin,Wollstonecraft
mary wollstonecraft shelley,Shelley
marya sklodowska,Curie
maryland yellowthroat,common yellowthroat
marzipan,marchpane
mascarene grass,Korean velvet grass
masculinisation,masculinization
masculinity,maleness
masculinization,masculinisation
masher,wolf
mashie,five iron
mashie niblick,seven iron
masjid,musjid
mask,masquerade
mask of pregnancy,chloasma
masked ball,masquerade ball
masked shrew,Sorex cinereus
masker,masquerader
masking,cover
masking paper,masking tape
masking piece,masking
masking tape,masking paper
mason's trowel,brick trowel
mason and dixon's line,Mason-Dixon line
mason and dixon line,Mason-Dixon line
masonry,Freemasonry
masora,Masorah
masorite,Masorete
masqat,Muscat
masque,masquerade
masquer,masquerader
masquerade,masquerade party
masquerade ball,masked ball
masquerade costume,fancy dress
masquerade party,masquerade
masquerader,masker
mass-action principle,mass action
mass action,mass-action principle
mass defect,mass deficiency
mass deficiency,mass defect
mass hysteria,epidemic hysertia
mass medium,medium
mass meeting,rally
mass murder,slaughter
mass number,nucleon number
mass rapid transit,rapid transit
mass spectrometer,spectrometer
massachusetts bay colony,Massachusetts
massacre,slaughter
massasauga,ground rattler
massasauga rattler,massasauga
masse,masse shot
masse shot,masse
massed fire,concentrated fire
masses,multitude
massicot,massicotite
massicotite,massicot
massiveness,bulkiness
massorete,Masorete
mast cell,mastocyte
mastaba,mastabah
mastabah,mastaba
master copy,master
master cylinder,brake cylinder
master file,main file
master in business administration,Master in Business
master key,passkey
master of ceremonies,emcee
master race,Herrenvolk
mastermind,originator
masterpiece,chef-d'oeuvre
masterwort,astrantia
mastery,command
masthead,flag
mastic,mastic tree
mastic tree,mastic
mastication,chew
masticophis bilineatus,Sonoran whipsnake
masticophis flagellum,coachwhip
masticophis lateralis,California whipsnake
mastigomycotina,Mastigomycota
mastigophoran,flagellate
mastigophore,flagellate
mastigoproctus giganteus,vinegarroon
mastocyte,mast cell
mastodon,mastodont
mastodont,mastodon
mastoid bone,mastoid
mastoid process,mastoid
mastopathy,mazopathy
masturbation,onanism
masturbator,onanist
matabele,Ndebele
matai,black pine
match,lucifer
match-up,matchup
match game,test match
match plane,tonguing and grooving plane
matchbush,matchweed
matched game,test match
matcher,matchmaker
matchet,machete
matchmaker,matcher
matchup,match-up
matchweed,matchbush
matchwood,splinters
mate,first mate
mater turrita,Cybele
materfamilias,matriarch
materia medica,pharmacology
material body,human body
material possession,tangible possession
materialisation,materialization
materialism,philistinism
materiality,physicalness
materialization,materialisation
materiel,equipage
maternal language,mother tongue
maternal quality,motherliness
maternalism,motherliness
maternity,pregnancy
mates,couple
math,mathematics
math teacher,mathematics teacher
mathematical function,function
mathematical group,group
mathematical logic,symbolic logic
mathematical operation,mathematical process
mathematical process,mathematical operation
mathematical product,product
mathematical space,topological space
mathematical statistician,statistician
mathematics,math
mathematics department,department of mathematics
mathematics teacher,math teacher
mathew b. brady,Brady
maths,mathematics
matilija poppy,California tree poppy
matinee idol,idol
mating,coupling
matins,morning prayer
matman,wrestler
matoaka,Pocahontas
matriarch,materfamilias
matriarchate,matriarchy
matriarchy,matriarchate
matric,matriculation
matricaria chamomilla,sweet false chamomile
matricaria inodorum,scentless camomile
matricaria matricarioides,pineapple weed
matricaria oreades,turfing daisy
matricaria recutita,sweet false chamomile
matricaria tchihatchewii,turfing daisy
matriculation,matric
matrikin,enate
matrilineage,enation
matrilineal kin,enate
matrilineal sib,enate
matrimony,marriage
matrimony vine,boxthorn
matrisib,enate
matrix,intercellular substance
matrix printer,dot matrix printer
matronymic,metronymic
matter,affair
matter of course,foregone conclusion
matter of fact,question of fact
matter of law,question of law
matteuccia struthiopteris,ostrich fern
matthew arnold,Arnold
matthew calbraith perry,Perry
matthew flinders,Flinders
matthew walker knot,Matthew Walker
matthias schleiden,Schleiden
matthiola incana,brompton stock
matting,mat
maturation,ripening
mature-onset diabetes,type II diabetes
maturement,maturation
matureness,maturity
maturity,adulthood
maturity-onset diabetes,type II diabetes
maturity-onset diabetes mellitus,type II diabetes
maturity date,maturity
matzah,matzo
matzah ball,matzo ball
matzah meal,matzo meal
matzo,matzoh
matzo ball,matzoh ball
matzo meal,matzoh meal
matzoh,matzo
matzoh ball,matzo ball
matzoh meal,matzo meal
maud gonne,Gonne
maui island,Maui
maul,sledge
maul oak,canyon oak
maule's quince,japonica
maulers,hooks
maulstick,mahlstick
maureen catherine connolly,Connolly
maurice barrymore,Barrymore
maurice chevalier,Chevalier
maurice de vlaminck,Vlaminck
maurice hugh frederick wilkins,Wilkins
maurice ravel,Ravel
maurice utrillo,Utrillo
maurice wilkins,Wilkins
mauritanie,Mauritania
maven,ace
mavik,trandolapril
mavin,ace
mavis,song thrush
maw,trap
mawkishness,bathos
mawlamyine,Moulmein
max,soap
max beerbohm,Beerbohm
max born,Born
max bruch,Bruch
max delbruck,Delbruck
max ernst,Ernst
max ferdinand perutz,Perutz
max karl ernst ludwig planck,Planck
max muller,Muller
max perutz,Perutz
max planck,Planck
max weber,Weber
maxfield frederick parrish,Parrish
maxfield parrish,Parrish
maxilla,upper jaw
maxillary artery,arteria maxillaris
maxillary vein,vena maxillaris
maxim,axiom
maxim gorki,Gorky
maximation,maximization
maximilien paul emile littre,Littre
maximisation,maximization
maximization,maximisation
maxmilien de bethune,Sully
maxmillien marie isidore de robespierre,Robespierre
maxwell,Mx
maxwell anderson,Anderson
may 1,May Day
may 24,Commonwealth Day
may beetle,cockchafer
may blob,marsh marigold
may bug,cockchafer
may fish,striped killifish
may lily,lily of the valley
maya,Mayan
maya lin,Lin
mayan language,Maya
mayapple,May apple
mayeng,maple-leaved bayur
mayetiola destructor,Hessian fly
mayfish,striped killifish
mayfly,dayfly
mayhaw,summer haw
mayhem,havoc
mayidism,pellagra
mayo,mayonnaise
mayonnaise,mayo
mayor,city manager
maypop,Passiflora incarnata
mayweed,dog fennel
mazdaism,Zoroastrianism
maze,labyrinth
mazopathy,mastopathy
mazzard,gean
mazzard cherry,gean
mb,megabit
mba,Master in Business
mbd,attention deficit disorder
mbit,megabit
mc,megahertz
mcg,microgram
mcia,Marine Corps Intelligence Activity
md,mendelevium
mdi,Markaz-ud-Dawa-wal-Irshad
mdiv,Master of Divinity
mdma,methylenedioxymethamphetamine
me,Maine
meadow,hayfield
meadow-beauty family,Melastomataceae
meadow beauty,deer grass
meadow bright,marsh marigold
meadow buttercup,tall buttercup
meadow clary,Salvia pratensis
meadow cranesbill,Geranium pratense
meadow cress,lady's smock
meadow fern,snuffbox fern
meadow fescue,fescue
meadow foxtail,Alopecurus pratensis
meadow goldenrod,Canadian goldenrod
meadow grass,meadowgrass
meadow jumping mouse,Zapus hudsonius
meadow leek,Canada garlic
meadow lily,Canada lily
meadow mouse,meadow vole
meadow mushroom,field mushroom
meadow pea,common vetchling
meadow pipit,Anthus pratensis
meadow saffron,autumn crocus
meadow salsify,goatsbeard
meadow saxifrage,fair-maids-of-France
meadow spikemoss,basket spikemoss
meadow spittlebug,Philaenus spumarius
meadow vole,meadow mouse
meadowgrass,meadow grass
meadowlark,lark
meagerness,meagreness
meagreness,meagerness
meal,repast
meal plan,hotel plan
meal ticket,luncheon voucher
mealberry,common bearberry
mealy bug,mealybug
mealy sage,blue sage
mealybug,mealy bug
mean deviation,mean deviation from the mean
mean deviation from the mean,mean deviation
mean solar day,day
mean solar time,mean time
mean time,mean solar time
mean value,mean
meander,ramble
meanie,meany
meaninglessness,nonsense
meanness,beastliness
means,agency
means grass,Johnson grass
mearstone,merestone
measles,rubeola
measurability,quantifiability
measure,step
measurement,measuring
measuring,measurement
measuring block,measuring unit
measuring device,measuring instrument
measuring instrument,measuring system
measuring rod,measuring stick
measuring stick,measure
measuring system,measuring instrument
measuring unit,measuring block
measuring worm,inchworm
meat,kernel
meat-packing business,meatpacking
meat cleaver,cleaver
meat hooks,hooks
meat house,smokehouse
meat loaf,meatloaf
meat market,butcher shop
meat packer,packer
meat packing,meatpacking
meatloaf,meat loaf
meatman,butcher
meatpacking,meat packing
mebaral,mephobarbital
mebibit,Mibit
mebibyte,megabyte
meccano set,Meccano
mechanical drawing,drafting
mechanical man,android
mechanical piano,Pianola
mechanical press,press
mechanics,mechanism
mechanisation,mechanization
mechanism,chemical mechanism
mechanization,mechanisation
mecholyl,methacholine
meclizine,meclizine hydrochloride
meclizine hydrochloride,meclizine
meclofenamate,meclofenamate sodium
meclofenamate sodium,meclofenamate
meclomen,meclofenamate
meconopsis betonicifolia,blue poppy
meconopsis cambrica,Welsh poppy
med,Master of Education
medal,decoration
medal play,stroke play
medal winner,medalist
medalist,medallist
medallion,decoration
medallist,medalist
meddlesomeness,intrusiveness
medevac,medical evacuation
medfly,Mediterranean fruit fly
medgar evers,Evers
medgar wiley evers,Evers
media consultant,media guru
media guru,media consultant
mediacy,mediateness
medial geniculate,medial geniculate body
medial geniculate body,corpus geniculatum mediale
medial rectus,medial rectus muscle
medial rectus muscle,medial rectus
median value,median
mediateness,mediacy
mediation,intermediation
mediator,go-between
medic,medick
medicago arborea,moon trefoil
medicago echinus,Calvary clover
medicago falcata,sickle alfalfa
medicago intertexta,Calvary clover
medicago lupulina,black medick
medicago sativa,alfalfa
medical aid,medical care
medical bill,doctor's bill
medical building,health facility
medical care,medical aid
medical checkup,checkup
medical community,medical profession
medical dressing,dressing
medical evacuation,medevac
medical exam,checkup
medical examination,checkup
medical examiner,coroner
medical extern,extern
medical history,medical record
medical intern,intern
medical man,medical practitioner
medical officer,medic
medical practitioner,medical man
medical profession,medical community
medical prognosis,prognosis
medical record,medical history
medical school,school of medicine
medical social worker,almoner
medical specialist,specialist
medical specialty,medicine
medical student,medico
medicament,medicine
medicare check,medicare payment
medicare payment,medicare check
medication,medicine
medicinal drug,medicine
medicinal leech,Hirudo medicinalis
medicine,medical specialty
medicine cabinet,medicine chest
medicine chest,medicine cabinet
medick,medic
medico,medical student
mediety,moiety
medieval mode,ecclesiastical mode
medieval schoolman,Schoolman
mediocrity,averageness
meditation,speculation
meditativeness,pensiveness
mediterranean anaemia,thalassemia
mediterranean anchovy,Engraulis encrasicholus
mediterranean anemia,thalassemia
mediterranean cypress,Italian cypress
mediterranean fever,brucellosis
mediterranean hackberry,European hackberry
mediterranean sea,Mediterranean
medium frequency,MF
medium of exchange,monetary system
medivac,medical evacuation
medlar,wild medlar
medlar tree,medlar
medlars,Medical Literature Analysis and Retrieval System
medley,potpourri
medroxyprogesterone,Provera
medulla,myelin
medulla oblongata,medulla
medulla spinalis,spinal cord
medullary ray,vascular ray
medullary sheath,myelin sheath
medullated nerve fiber,myelinated nerve fiber
medusa's head,Euphorbia medusae
medusan,medusa
meekness,submission
meerestone,merestone
meerkat,mierkat
meerschaum,sepiolite
meeter,attendant
meeting,group meeting
meeting house,honeysuckle
meeting of minds,concurrence
meeting place,forum
meetinghouse,conventicle
mefenamic acid,Ponstel
mefloquine,mefloquine hydrochloride
mefloquine hydrochloride,mefloquine
mefoxin,cephalosporin
meg,million
megabat,fruit bat
megabit,Mbit
megabucks,pile
megabyte,M
megacardia,cardiomegaly
megacephaly,macrocephaly
megacycle,megahertz
megacycle per second,megahertz
megaderma lyra,big-eared bat
megaflop,MFLOP
megahertz,MHz
megahit,blockbuster
megalith,megalithic structure
megalithic structure,megalith
megalobatrachus maximus,giant salamander
megaloblastic anaemia,megaloblastic anemia
megaloblastic anemia,megaloblastic anaemia
megalocardia,cardiomegaly
megalocephaly,macrocephaly
megalocyte,macrocyte
megalohepatia,hepatomegaly
megalosaur,megalosaurus
megalosaurus,megalosaur
megapode,mound bird
megaptera novaeangliae,humpback
megasporangium,macrosporangium
megaspore,macrospore
megathere,ground sloth
megatherian,megatheriid
megatherian mammal,megatherian
megatheriid,megatherian
megestrol,megestrol acetate
megestrol acetate,megestrol
megilp,magilp
megrim,migraine
megrims,blues
mehemet ali,Mohammed Ali
mei,Japanese apricot
meibomian cyst,chalazion
meiosis,miosis
meister eckhart,Eckhart
meitnerium,Mt
mek,Mujahidin-e Khalq Organization
mekong river,Mekong
mel columcille gerard gibson,Gibson
mel gibson,Gibson
melaena,melena
melagueta pepper,grains of paradise
melamine,cyanuramide
melampodium leucanthum,blackfoot daisy
melampsora lini,flax rust
melancholiac,melancholic
melancholy thistle,Cirsium heterophylum
melanerpes erythrocephalus,redheaded woodpecker
melange,odds and ends
melanie klein,Klein
melanism,melanosis
melanitta nigra,common scoter
melanocyte-stimulating hormone,MSH
melanogrammus aeglefinus,haddock
melanoma,malignant melanoma
melanosis,melanism
melanotis caerulescens,blue mockingbird
melasma,chloasma
melastoma malabathricum,Indian rhododendron
melastomaceae,Melastomataceae
melchite,Melkite
meld,canasta
meleagris gallopavo,turkey
melee,scrimmage
melena,melaena
meles meles,Eurasian badger
melia azadirachta,neem
melia azedarach,chinaberry
melia azederach,chinaberry
melicocca,Melicoccus
melicocca bijuga,Spanish lime
melicocca bijugatus,Spanish lime
melilot,melilotus
melilotus,melilot
melilotus alba,white sweet clover
melilotus officinalis,yellow sweet clover
melina mercouri,Mercouri
melioration,amelioration
meliorist,reformer
melissa officinalis,lemon balm
mellaril,thioridazine
mellivora capensis,ratel
mellowness,fullness
melodic line,tune
melodic phrase,tune
melodic theme,theme
melodiousness,tunefulness
melody,tune
melody pipe,chanter
meloid,blister beetle
melolontha melolontha,cockchafer
melon,melon vine
melon tree,papaya
melon vine,melon
melophagus ovinus,sheep ked
melopsittacus undulatus,budgerigar
melosa,Chile tarweed
melospiza georgiana,swamp sparrow
melospiza melodia,song sparrow
melphalan,Alkeran
melt,thaw
meltdown,nuclear meltdown
melting point,freezing point
melting pot,crucible
melursus ursinus,sloth bear
melvil dewey,Dewey
melville bell,Bell
melville louis kossuth dewey,Dewey
melville w. fuller,Fuller
melville weston fuller,Fuller
melvin calvin,Calvin
member,fellow member
member of parliament,Parliamentarian
membership,rank
membrane,tissue layer
membranophone,drum
memel,Klaipeda
memento,souvenir
memo,memorandum
memoranda,memo
memorandum,memo
memorial,commemoration
memorial park,cemetery
memorial tablet,brass
memorialisation,commemoration
memorialization,commemoration
memorisation,memorization
memoriser,memorizer
memorization,memorisation
memorizer,memoriser
memory,remembering
memory access,access
memory board,memory
memory cache,cache
memory device,storage device
memory loss,amnesia
memory trace,engram
men,work force
men's,men's room
men's furnishings,haberdashery
men's room,men's
menace,threat
menachem begin,Begin
menadione,vitamin K3
menage,family
menagerie,zoo
mend,patch
mendeleev,Mendeleyev
mendeleev's law,periodic law
mendelevium,Md
mendelianism,Mendelism
mender,repairer
mendicancy,beggary
mendicity,beggary
mending,repair
menhaden,Brevoortia tyrannis
menhir,standing stone
meningeal artery,arteria meningea
meningeal veins,venae meningeae
meninges,meninx
meningoencephalitis,cerebromeningitis
meninx,meninges
menippe mercenaria,stone crab
meniscus,semilunar cartilage
menispermum canadense,common moonseed
menominee,Menomini
menominee whitefish,round whitefish
menopause,climacteric
menopon gallinae,chicken louse
menopon palladum,chicken louse
menorrhagia,hypermenorrhea
menorrhea,menstrual blood
mens rea,malice aforethought
mens store,clothing store
mensal line,line of heart
mensch,mensh
menses,menstruation
mensh,mensch
menstrual blood,menorrhea
menstrual flow,menorrhea
menstruation,menses
menstruum,menstruation
mensuration,measurement
mental ability,capacity
mental attitude,attitude
mental balance,mental soundness
mental block,block
mental capacity,brain
mental case,neurotic
mental condition,psychological state
mental confusion,confusion
mental defectiveness,abnormality
mental deficiency,moronity
mental dexterity,nimbleness
mental disease,mental illness
mental disorder,mental disturbance
mental disturbance,mental disorder
mental energy,psychic energy
mental exhaustion,brain-fag
mental faculty,faculty
mental home,mental hospital
mental hospital,psychiatric hospital
mental hygiene,psychotherapy
mental illness,mental disease
mental image,image
mental imagery,imagination
mental institution,mental hospital
mental lexicon,vocabulary
mental object,content
mental picture,picture
mental process,process
mental quickness,quickness
mental rejection,incredulity
mental representation,representation
mental reservation,reservation
mental retardation,retardation
mental soundness,mental balance
mental state,psychological state
mental strain,strain
mental synthesis,construction
mental telepathist,telepathist
mental test,test
mental testing,test
mental unsoundness,derangement
mentality,outlook
mentally retarded,retarded
mentation,thinking
mentha aquatica,water-mint
mentha arvensis,corn mint
mentha citrata,bergamot mint
mentha longifolia,horsemint
mentha piperita,peppermint
mentha pulegium,pennyroyal
mentha rotundifolia,apple mint
mentha spicata,spearmint
mentha suaveolens,apple mint
menticirrhus americanus,king whiting
menticirrhus littoralis,silver whiting
menticirrhus saxatilis,northern whiting
menticirrhus undulatus,corbina
mention,reference
mentor,wise man
mentum,chin
mentzelia laevicaulis,blazing star
mentzelia lindleyi,bartonia
mentzelia livicaulis,blazing star
menu,bill of fare
menyanthes trifoliata,water shamrock
menziesia ferruginea,false azalea
menziesia pilosa,minniebush
meow,mew
mepacrine,quinacrine
meperidine,meperidine hydrochloride
meperidine hydrochloride,meperidine
mephaquine,mefloquine
mephenytoin,Mesantoin
mephitis,malodor
mephitis macroura,hooded skunk
mephitis mephitis,striped skunk
mephobarbital,Mebaral
meprin,meprobamate
meprobamate,Miltown
meq,milliequivalent
merbromine,Mercurochrome
mercantile agency,commercial agency
mercantile establishment,retail store
mercantile law,commercial law
mercantile system,mercantilism
mercantilism,mercantile system
mercaptopurine,Purinethol
mercator's projection,Mercator projection
merce cunningham,Cunningham
mercenaria mercenaria,quahog
merchandise,ware
merchandiser,merchant
merchandising,selling
merchant,merchandiser
merchant-venturer,venturer
merchant bank,acquirer
merchant marine,shipping
merchant ship,bottom
merchant vessels,shipping
merchantman,bottom
mercifulness,mercy
mercilessness,cruelty
mercurialis annua,herb mercury
mercurialis perennis,dog's mercury
mercuric chloride,mercury chloride
mercurochrome,merbromine
mercurous chloride,calomel
mercury,quicksilver
mercury-in-glass clinical thermometer,clinical thermometer
mercury-in-glass thermometer,mercury thermometer
mercury chloride,mercuric chloride
mercury fulminate,fulminate of mercury
mercury thermometer,mercury-in-glass thermometer
mercy,clemency
mercy killing,euthanasia
merestone,meerestone
meretriciousness,speciousness
merganser,fish duck
merger,amalgamation
merger agreement,acquisition agreement
mergus albellus,smew
mergus merganser,goosander
mergus merganser americanus,American merganser
mergus serrator,red-breasted merganser
merino,merino sheep
merino sheep,merino
meriones longifrons,sand rat
meriones unguiculatus,tamarisk gerbil
merit,virtue
meritoriousness,deservingness
meriwether lewis,Lewis
merl,blackbird
merlangus merlangus,whiting
merle,blackbird
merluccius bilinearis,silver hake
merodach,Marduk
meronym,part name
meronymy,part to whole relation
merovingian dynasty,Merovingian
merrimack river,Merrimack
merriment,gaiety
merriness,jocoseness
merry-go-round,carousel
merry andrew,clown
merry bells,bellwort
merrymaker,reveler
merrymaking,conviviality
mertensia virginica,Virginia bluebell
merthiolate,thimerosal
meryl streep,Streep
meryta sinclairii,puka
mesa,table
mesantoin,mephenytoin
mescal,mezcal
mescal bean,coral bean
mescal button,sacred mushroom
mescaline,peyote
mesembryanthemum crystallinum,ice plant
mesembryanthemum edule,Hottentot fig
mesencephalon,midbrain
mesenteric artery,arteria mesenterica
mesenteric plexus,plexus mesentericus
mesenteric vein,vena mesenterica
mesh,engagement
mesh topology,mesh
meshing,engagement
meshugaas,mishegaas
meshwork,net
mesmerism,hypnotism
mesmerist,hypnotist
mesmerizer,hypnotist
mesoblast,mesoderm
mesocricetus auratus,golden hamster
mesoderm,mesoblast
mesomorphy,athletic type
meson,mesotron
mesophyron,glabella
mesophyte,mesophytic plant
mesophytic plant,mesophyte
mesotron,meson
mesozoic era,Mesozoic
mespilus germanica,medlar
mesquit,mesquite
mesquite,mesquit
mess,messiness
mess-up,ballup
mess hall,mess
mess jacket,monkey jacket
message,content
message pad,writing pad
messaging,electronic messaging
messenger,courier
messenger boy,errand boy
messiah,christ
messiness,mess
mestizo,ladino
mesua ferrea,rose chestnut
metabola,holometabola
metabolic process,metabolism
metabolism,metamorphosis
metacarpal artery,arteria metacarpea
metacarpal bone,metacarpal
metacarpal vein,vena metacarpus
metacarpophalangeal joint,knuckle
metacenter,metacentre
metacentre,metacenter
metacyesis,ectopic pregnancy
metagenesis,digenesis
metal bar,ingot
metal drum,drum
metal glove,gauntlet
metal money,coinage
metal plating,plating
metal saw,hacksaw
metallic element,metal
metallurgical engineer,metallurgist
metallurgist,metallurgical engineer
metalwork,metalworking
metalworker,smith
metalworking,metalwork
metalworking vise,machinist's vise
metalworks,foundry
metamere,somite
metamorphosis,metabolism
metaplastic anaemia,metaplastic anemia
metaplastic anemia,metaplastic anaemia
metaproterenol,Alupent
metasequoia,dawn redwood
metasequoia glyptostrodoides,metasequoia
metastatic tumor,malignant tumor
metatarsal artery,arteria metatarsea
metatarsal vein,vena metatarsus
metathesis,double decomposition
metchnikov,Metchnikoff
mete,boundary line
metempsychosis,rebirth
meteor,meteoroid
meteor shower,meteor stream
meteor stream,meteor shower
meteoroid,meteor
meteorological observation post,weather station
meteorological satellite,weather satellite
meteorology,weather forecasting
meter,metre
meter reading,reading
meterstick,metrestick
metformin,Glucophage
meth,methamphetamine
methacholine,Mecholyl
methacrylic acid,2-methylpropenoic acid
methadon,methadone
methadone,methadone hydrochloride
methadone hydrochloride,methadone
methamphetamine,methamphetamine hydrochloride
methamphetamine hydrochloride,methamphetamine
methanal,formaldehyde
methane series,alkane series
methanol,methyl alcohol
methaqualone,Quaalude
metharbital,Gemonil
methedrine,methamphetamine
methenamine,Mandelamine
methocarbamol,Robaxin
method,method acting
method acting,method
method of accounting,accounting
method of fluxions,differential calculus
method of least squares,least squares
methodicalness,orderliness
methodists,Methodist Church
methodological analysis,methodology
methodology,methodological analysis
methotrexate,methotrexate sodium
methotrexate sodium,methotrexate
methyl,methyl group
methyl alcohol,methanol
methyl ethyl ketone,butanone
methyl group,methyl
methyl phenol,cresol
methyl radical,methyl
methyl salicylate,birch oil
methylbenzene,toluene
methyldopa,alpha methyl dopa
methylene,methylene group
methylene blue,methylthionine chloride
methylene chloride,dichloromethane
methylene group,methylene radical
methylene radical,methylene group
methylenedioxymethamphetamine,MDMA
methylphenidate,Ritalin
methylthionine chloride,methylene blue
meticorten,prednisone
meticulosity,meticulousness
meticulousness,meticulosity
metier,forte
metoprolol,Lopressor
metrazol,pentylenetetrazol
metrazol shock,metrazol shock therapy
metrazol shock therapy,metrazol shock
metrazol shock treatment,metrazol shock
metre,meter
metrestick,meterstick
metric function,metric
metric grain,grain
metric hundredweight,hundredweight
metric ton,MT
metric unit,metric
metric weight unit,weight unit
metrical foot,foot
metrical unit,metrical foot
metrication,metrification
metrics,prosody
metrification,metrication
metritis,endometritis
metro,tube
metronidazole,Flagyl
metronome marking,beats per minute
metronymic,matronymic
metropolis,city
metroptosis,descensus uteri
metroxylon sagu,true sago palm
mettle,heart
metycaine,piperocaine
meuse-argonne,Meuse
meuse-argonne operation,Meuse
meuse river,Meuse
mevacor,lovastatin
mew,meow
mew gull,mew
mews,meow
mexican beaded lizard,beaded lizard
mexican black cherry,capulin
mexican capital,Mexico City
mexican fire plant,fire-on-the-mountain
mexican flameleaf,poinsettia
mexican freetail bat,guano bat
mexican green,Acapulco gold
mexican husk tomato,tomatillo
mexican jumping bean,jumping bean
mexican nut pine,pinon pine
mexican onyx,alabaster
mexican swamp cypress,Montezuma cypress
mexican tea,Jerusalem oak
mexican tulip poppy,golden cup
mexican valium,R-2
mexicano,Mexican-American
mexiletine,Mexitil
mexitil,mexiletine
meyer guggenheim,Guggenheim
mezcal,mescal
mezereon,February daphne
mezuza,mezuzah
mezuzah,mezuza
mezzanine,first balcony
mezzanine floor,mezzanine
mezzo,mezzo-soprano
mezzo-relievo,mezzo-rilievo
mezzo-rilievo,mezzo-relievo
mezzo-soprano,mezzo
mf,medium frequency
mfa,Master of Fine Arts
mflop,megaflop
mg,milligram
mho,siemens
mhz,megahertz
mi,myocardial infarction
miao,Hmong
miaou,meow
miaow,meow
miasm,miasma
miasma,miasm
miaul,meow
mib,megabyte
mibit,mebibit
mica,isinglass
michael assat,Sanchez
michael ellis de bakey,De Bakey
michael faraday,Faraday
michael gerald tyson,Tyson
michael jackson,Jackson
michael joe jackson,Jackson
michael ondaatje,Ondaatje
michael philip jagger,Jagger
michaelmas day,Michaelmas
micheas,Micah
michel de notredame,Nostradamus
michel eyquem montaigne,Montaigne
michel montaigne,Montaigne
michel ney,Ney
michelangelo buonarroti,Michelangelo
michelangelo merisi da caravaggio,Caravaggio
michinomiya hirohito,Hirohito
mick,Paddy
mick jagger,Jagger
mickey,Paddy
mickey charles mantle,Mantle
mickey mantle,Mantle
mickey spillane,Spillane
mickle,batch
miconazole,Monistat
micro-organism,microorganism
micro chip,chip
microbar,barye
microbat,carnivorous bat
microbe,bug
microcephalus,microcephaly
microcephaly,microcephalus
microchip,chip
microcircuit,integrated circuit
microcode,firmware
microcomputer,personal computer
microcytic anaemia,microcytic anemia
microcytic anemia,microcytic anaemia
microeconomic expert,microeconomist
microeconomist,microeconomic expert
microgram,mcg
microgramma-piloselloides,snake polypody
micromeria chamissonis,yerba buena
micromeria douglasii,yerba buena
micromeria juliana,savory
micrometeor,micrometeorite
micrometeorite,micrometeoroid
micrometeoroid,micrometeorite
micrometer,micron
micrometer caliper,micrometer
micrometer gauge,micrometer
micromicron,picometer
micromillimeter,nanometer
micromillimetre,nanometer
micromyx minutus,harvest mouse
micron,micrometer
micronase,glyburide
microorganism,micro-organism
micropenis,microphallus
microphallus,micropenis
microphone,mike
microphone boom,boom
micropogonias undulatus,Atlantic croaker
microprocessor chip,chip
micropterus dolomieu,smallmouth
micropterus pseudoplites,Kentucky black bass
micropterus salmoides,largemouth
microscope slide,slide
microscope stage,stage
microseism,tremor
microsoft disk operating system,MS-DOS
microsorium punctatum,climbing bird's nest fern
microstomus kitt,lemon sole
microstrobos niphophilus,Tasman dwarf pine
microtus ochrogaster,prairie vole
microtus pennsylvaticus,meadow vole
microtus richardsoni,water vole
microwave,microwave oven
microwave bomb,E-bomb
microwave oven,microwave
microwave radar,radar
microzide,hydrochlorothiazide
micruroides euryxanthus,western coral snake
micrurus fulvius,eastern coral snake
micturition,urination
mid-eighties,eighties
mid-fifties,fifties
mid-forties,forties
mid-nineties,nineties
mid-seventies,seventies
mid-sixties,sixties
mid-thirties,thirties
mid-twenties,twenties
midazolam,Versed
midbrain,mesencephalon
midday,noon
midden,eitchen midden
middle-ear deafness,conductive hearing loss
middle buster,lister
middle cerebral vein,vena cerebri media
middle class,bourgeoisie
middle ear,tympanic cavity
middle greek,Medieval Greek
middle of the roader,centrist
middle school,secondary school
middle watch,graveyard watch
middle west,Midwest
middlebreaker,lister
middleman,jobber
middy,middy blouse
middy blouse,middy
mideast,Middle East
midiron,two iron
midline,midplane
midplane,midline
midpoint,center
midrib,midvein
midriff,middle
midsection,middle
midst,thick
midsummer,summer solstice
midsummer's day,Midsummer Day
midsummer-men,rose-root
midsummer night,Midsummer Eve
midterm,midterm examination
midterm exam,midterm examination
midterm examination,midterm exam
midvein,midrib
midwatch,graveyard watch
midwestern united states,Midwest
midwife,accoucheuse
midwife toad,Alytes cisternasi
midwifery,obstetrics
mien,bearing
mierkat,meerkat
mifepristone,abortion pill
miff,huff
might,mightiness
mightiness,might
mignonette,sweet reseda
mignonette family,Resedaceae
migraine,megrim
migrant shrike,Lanius ludovicianus migrans
migration route,flyway
migrator,migrant
migratory locust,Locusta migratoria
migratory quail,Coturnix coturnix
miguel de cervantes,Cervantes
miguel de cervantes saavedra,Cervantes
miguel jose serra,Serra
mikado,tenno
mikania scandens,climbing hempweed
mike,microphone
mike tyson,Tyson
mikhail aleksandrovich bakunin,Bakunin
mikhail bakunin,Bakunin
mikhail baryshnikov,Baryshnikov
mikhail glinka,Glinka
mikhail gorbachev,Gorbachev
mikhail ilarionovich kutuzov,Kutuzov
mikhail ivanovich glinka,Glinka
mikhail ivanovich kalinin,Kalinin
mikhail kalinin,Kalinin
mikhail sergeyevich gorbachev,Gorbachev
mikhail yurievich lermontov,Lermontov
mikmaq,Micmac
mikolaj kopernik,Copernicus
mil,mile
milage,mileage
milano,Milan
milch cow,dairy cattle
milcher,dairy cattle
mild silver protein,Argyrol
mild steel,low-carbon steel
mildew,mold
mildness,clemency
mildred ella didrikson,Zaharias
mildred ella didrikson zaharias,Zaharias
mile,statute mile
mile-high city,Denver
mileage,milage
mileometer,odometer
milepost,milestone
miles davis,Davis
miles dewey davis jr.,Davis
miles per hour,mph
miles standish,Standish
milestone,milepost
milfoil,yarrow
miliaria,prickly heat
miliary fever,sweating sickness
milieu,surroundings
militance,combativeness
militancy,combativeness
militarisation,mobilization
militarist,warmonger
militarization,mobilization
military action,action
military adviser,military advisor
military advisor,military adviser
military band,concert band
military blockade,siege
military campaign,campaign
military capability,military strength
military chaplain,padre
military commission,commission
military control,occupation
military engineer,army engineer
military expedition,expedition
military force,military unit
military government,stratocracy
military greeting,salute
military group,military unit
military headquarters,headquarters
military intelligence,military intelligence agency
military intelligence agency,military intelligence
military intelligence section 5,Security Service
military intelligence section 6,Secret Intelligence Service
military issue,issue
military junta,junta
military machine,military
military man,serviceman
military march,military music
military mission,mission
military music,military march
military officer,officer
military operation,operation
military personnel,soldiery
military plane,warplane
military police,MP
military policeman,MP
military position,position
military post,post
military posture,military capability
military press,press
military rank,military rating
military rating,military rank
military recruit,recruit
military reserve,reserve
military service,armed service
military strength,military capability
military unit,military force
military volunteer,volunteer
militia,reserves
milium,whitehead
milk-vetch,milk vetch
milk adder,milk snake
milk cow,dairy cattle
milk glass,opal glass
milk intolerance,lactose intolerance
milk leg,white leg
milk powder,powdered milk
milk pox,alastrim
milk river,Milk
milk shake,milkshake
milk sickness,trembles
milk snake,house snake
milk sugar,lactose
milk thistle,sow thistle
milk tooth,primary tooth
milk vetch,milk-vetch
milk wagon,milkwagon
milk whey,whey
milkcap,Lactarius delicioso
milker,dairy cattle
milkmaid,dairymaid
milkshake,milk shake
milksop,sissy
milkwagon,milk wagon
milkweed,silkweed
milkweed butterfly,monarch
milkweed family,Asclepiadaceae
milkwort family,Polygalaceae
milky way galaxy,Milky Way
milky way system,Milky Way
mill,factory
mill-hand,factory worker
mill wheel,millwheel
millard fillmore,Fillmore
millenarianism,millenarism
millenarism,millenarianism
millenarist,millenarian
millennium,millenary
millenniumism,millenarianism
millepede,millipede
milliampere,mA
milliequivalent,meq
milligram,mg
milliliter,millilitre
millilitre,milliliter
millimeter,millimetre
millimeter of mercury,torr
millimetre,millimeter
millimicron,nanometer
milliner,hatmaker
millinery,hat shop
milling machine,miller
milling machinery,mill
million floating point operations per second,megaflop
million instructions per second,MIPS
milliped,millipede
millipede,millepede
millisecond,msec
millivolt,mV
millrace,millrun
millrun,millrace
millstone,albatross
millwheel,mill wheel
milo,milo maize
milo maize,milo
milometer,odometer
milontin,phensuximide
milquetoast,sissy
milt,soft roe
miltomate,tomatillo
milton friedman,Friedman
milton snavely hershey,Hershey
miltown,meprobamate
milvus migrans,black kite
mime,mimer
mimeo,mimeograph
mimeograph,mimeo
mimeograph machine,mimeograph
mimer,mime
mimicker,mimic
mimicry,apery
mimosa,silver wattle
mimosa bush,huisache
mimosa pudica,sensitive plant
mimosa sensitiva,sensitive plant
mimus polyglotktos,mockingbird
min,minute
min dialect,Min
mina,myna
minah,myna
mincer,mincing machine
mincing machine,mincer
mind,head
mind-altering drug,psychoactive drug
mind-set,mentality
mind reader,telepathist
minder,babyminder
mindfulness,heedfulness
mindlessness,inanity
mindset,mentality
minelaying,mining
miner,mineworker
miner's cat,bassarisk
miner's lettuce,winter purslane
mineral dressing,mineral extraction
mineral extraction,mineral processing
mineral jelly,petrolatum
mineral pitch,asphalt
mineral processing,mineral extraction
mineral tar,maltha
mineral vein,vein
mineral wax,ader wax
mineral wool,rock wool
minestrone,petite marmite
mineworker,miner
ming dynasty,Ming
minginess,meanness
mingle-mangle,odds and ends
miniature fan palm,bamboo palm
miniaturisation,miniaturization
miniaturization,miniaturisation
minibar,cellaret
minibike,motorbike
minim,half note
minimal art,minimalism
minimal brain damage,attention deficit disorder
minimal brain dysfunction,attention deficit disorder
minimalism,minimal art
minimisation,minimization
minimization,minimisation
mining,excavation
mining bee,andrena
minipress,prazosin
miniskirt,mini
minister,curate
minister of finance,finance minister
minister of religion,curate
minister plenipotentiary,envoy
ministration,relief
ministry of transportation test,MOT
minisub,minisubmarine
minisubmarine,minisub
minium,red lead
mink,mink coat
mink coat,mink
minke whale,lesser rorqual
minnewit,Minuit
minnie bush,minniebush
minniebush,minnie bush
minnow,Phoxinus phoxinus
minoan civilisation,Minoan civilization
minoan culture,Minoan civilization
minocin,minocycline
minocycline,Minocin
minor-league club,minor-league team
minor-league team,minor-league club
minor diatonic scale,minor scale
minor expense,incidental expense
minor key,minor mode
minor league,minors
minor leaguer,bush leaguer
minor mode,minor key
minor planet,planetoid
minor premise,minor premiss
minor premiss,minor premise
minor role,bit part
minor scale,minor diatonic scale
minor tranquilizer,minor tranquillizer
minor tranquilliser,minor tranquilizer
minor tranquillizer,minor tranquilizer
minority,nonage
minors,minor league
minoxidil,Loniten
minstrel,folk singer
mint candy,mint
mint family,Labiatae
mint geranium,costmary
mint julep,julep
mintage,coinage
minter,coiner
minute hand,big hand
minute of arc,minute
minuteness,diminutiveness
minutes,proceedings
minx,coquette
miocene epoch,Miocene
miosis,meiosis
miotic drug,myotic drug
mirabilis californica,California four o'clock
mirabilis jalapa,common four-o'clock
mirabilis laevis,California four o'clock
mirabilis longiflora,sweet four o'clock
mirabilis multiflora,desert four o'clock
mirabilis oblongifolia,mountain four o'clock
mirabilis uniflora,common four-o'clock
miracle-worship,thaumatolatry
miracle man,miracle worker
miracle worker,miracle man
miraculous food,manna
mirasol,common sunflower
mire,quagmire
mirid,mirid bug
mirid bug,mirid
mirish,Miri
miro,black pine
mirror-image relation,enantiomorphism
mirror image,reflection
mirror symmetry,parity
mirth,hilarity
mirthfulness,hilarity
misadventure,mishap
misanthrope,misanthropist
misanthropist,misanthrope
misapplication,embezzlement
misapprehension,mistake
misappropriation,embezzlement
misbehavior,misbehaviour
misbehaviour,misbehavior
misbeliever,heretic
miscalculation,misreckoning
miscarriage,abortion
miscegenation,crossbreeding
miscellanea,assortment
miscellany,assortment
mischance,bad luck
mischief,mischief-making
mischief-maker,troublemaker
mischief-making,mischief
mischievousness,naughtiness
misconduct,wrongdoing
misconstrual,misconstruction
misconstruction,misconstrual
miscreant,reprobate
miscreation,malformation
miscue,slip
misdating,anachronism
misdeed,misbehavior
misdemeanor,misdemeanour
misdemeanour,misdemeanor
misdirection,mismanagement
mise en scene,stage setting
miserableness,misery
misery,wretchedness
misestimation,miscalculation
misfire,dud
misfortune,bad luck
misgiving,scruple
misgovernment,misrule
mishap,bad luck
mishegaas,meshugaas
mishegoss,meshugaas
mishmash,odds and ends
mishnah,Mishna
mishpachah,mishpocha
mishpocha,mishpachah
misinterpretation,misunderstanding
mismanagement,misdirection
misogynism,misogyny
misogynist,woman hater
misogyny,misogynism
mispickel,arsenopyrite
misplaced modifier,dangling modifier
misplacement,malposition
misplay,error
misprint,erratum
misquotation,misquote
misquote,misquotation
misreckoning,miscalculation
misrepresentation,deceit
misrule,misgovernment
miss,girl
missel thrush,mistle thrush
misshapenness,deformity
missile,projectile
missile defence system,missile defense system
missile defense system,missile defence system
missing link,ape-man
mission,missionary post
mission bells,black fritillary
missionary post,mission
missionary station,mission
missionary work,mission
missioner,missionary
missippian period,Mississippian
missis,missus
mississippi river,Mississippi
missive,letter
missouri gourd,prairie gourd
missouri river,Missouri
misstep,trip
missus,missis
missy,girl
mist-flower,mistflower
mistake,error
mistaking,misinterpretation
mistflower,mist-flower
mistiming,anachronism
mistiness,haziness
mistle thrush,missel thrush
mistletoe,false mistletoe
mistletoe family,Viscaceae
mistletoe fig,mistletoe rubber plant
mistletoe rubber plant,mistletoe fig
mistletoe thrush,missel thrush
mistress,kept woman
mistrust,misgiving
misunderstanding,misinterpretation
misuse,abuse
mit,Massachusetts Institute of Technology
mitchella repens,partridgeberry
mite,touch
mite box,poor box
mitella diphylla,fairy cup
mitella pentandra,five-point bishop's cap
miter,miter joint
miter box,mitre box
miter joint,mitre joint
miter mushroom,Helvella crispa
miterwort,mitrewort
mithan,gayal
mithra,Mithras
mithracin,mithramycin
mithraicism,Mithraism
mithramycin,Mithracin
mithridate mustard,field pennycress
mithridates the great,Mithridates
mithridates vi,Mithridates
mitigation,extenuation
mitochondrion,chondriosome
mitomycin,Mutamycin
mitral stenosis,mitral valve stenosis
mitral valve,bicuspid valve
mitral valve stenosis,mitral stenosis
mitre,miter joint
mitre box,miter box
mitre joint,miter joint
mitrewort,miterwort
mitsvah,mitzvah
mitt,hand
mitzvah,mitsvah
mix,premix
mix-up,confusion
mixed bag,assortment
mixer,sociable
mixing,mix
mixologist,bartender
mixture,concoction
mizen,mizzenmast
mizenmast,mizzenmast
mizzen,mizzenmast
mizzen course,crossjack
mizzenmast,mizenmast
mizzle,drizzle
mko,Mujahidin-e Khalq Organization
ml,milliliter
mlitt,Master of Literature
mls,Master of Library Science
mm,millimeter
mm hg,torr
mmpi,Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory
mn,manganese
mnemonics,mnemonic
mo,moment
moan,groan
moaner,whiner
moat,fosse
mob,rabble
moban,molindone
mobile canteen,canteen
mobile home,manufactured home
mobile phone,cellular telephone
mobile river,Mobile
mobilisation,mobilization
mobilization,mobilisation
mobocracy,ochlocracy
mobster,gangster
mobula hypostoma,devil ray
mobuto lake,Lake Albert
mocambique,Mozambique
mocassin,moccasin
moccasin,mocassin
moccasin flower,nerveroot
mocha,mocha coffee
mocha coffee,mocha
mock azalia,impala lily
mock orange,syringa
mock sun,parhelion
mocker,scoffer
mockernut,mockernut hickory
mockernut hickory,mockernut
mockery,jeer
mocking thrush,thrasher
mockingbird,mocker
modal auxiliary,modal auxiliary verb
modal auxiliary verb,modal auxiliary
modal value,mode
modal verb,modal auxiliary verb
modality,mode
mode,manner
modeler,modeller
modeling,mold
modeller,modeler
modelling,modeling
moderate gale,near gale
moderateness,reasonableness
moderation,moderateness
moderationist,centrist
moderatism,centrism
modern font,modern
modern jazz,new jazz
modern man,Homo sapiens sapiens
modern times,present times
modern world,modern times
modernisation,modernization
modernism,modernity
modernity,modernness
modernization,modernisation
modernness,modernity
modest moussorgsky,Mussorgsky
modest mussorgsky,Mussorgsky
modest petrovich moussorgsky,Mussorgsky
modest petrovich mussorgsky,Mussorgsky
modestness,reasonableness
modesty,modestness
modification,alteration
modifier,qualifier
modifier gene,modifier
modishness,chic
modiste,hatmaker
mods,mod
modulation,transition
module,faculty
modulus of elasticity,coefficient of elasticity
modus operandi,routine
modus vivendi,life style
moehringia lateriflora,sandwort
moehringia mucosa,sandwort
mogadiscio,Mogadishu
mogdad coffee,coffee senna
mogen david,Star of David
moghul,Mogul
mohammad,Mohammed
mohammed reza pahlavi,Pahlavi
mohammed reza pahlevi,Pahlavi
mohammedan calendar,Islamic calendar
mohammedanism,Islam
mohandas karamchand gandhi,Gandhi
moharram,Muharram
mohave desert,Mojave
mohawk haircut,mohawk
moho,Mohorovicic discontinuity
mohria caffrorum,scented fern
moiety,mediety
moira shearer,Shearer
moirae,Moirai
moistener,dampener
moistening,dampening
moistness,damp
moisture,wet
mojave,Mohave
mojave desert,Mojave
mol,gram molecule
mola,ocean sunfish
mola lanceolata,sharptail mola
molal concentration,molality
molality,molal concentration
molar concentration,molarity
molar pregnancy,hydatid mole
molarity,molar concentration
mold,cast
moldavia,Moldova
moldboard,mouldboard
moldboard plow,mouldboard plough
moldiness,mustiness
molding,casting
mole,gram molecule
mole plant,Japanese poinsettia
mole rat,bandicoot rat
mole salamander,Ambystoma talpoideum
molech,Moloch
molecular weight,relative molecular mass
molecule,atom
molestation,harassment
molindone,Moban
molisch's test,alpha-naphthol test
molisch reaction,alpha-naphthol test
molisch test,alpha-naphthol test
moll,gun moll
mollah,Mullah
molle,pepper tree
mollie,molly
mollification,pacification
molluga verticillata,carpetweed
mollusc,mollusk
mollusk,mollusc
molly,mollie
molly pitcher,McCauley
mollycoddler,pamperer
mollymawk,albatross
moloch horridus,mountain devil
molokai island,Molokai
molt,molting
molter,moulter
molting,molt
molucca balm,bells of Ireland
molucella laevis,molucca balm
molva molva,ling
molybdenum,Mo
mom,ma
mombin,mombin tree
mombin tree,mombin
moment,minute
moment of a magnet,magnetic moment
momentum,impulse
momism,overprotection
momma,ma
mommy,ma
momordica balsamina,balsam apple
momordica charantia,balsam pear
momos,Momus
momot,motmot
mon,Monday
mona,Anglesey
monad,monas
monadic operation,unary operation
monal,monaul
monarch,sovereign
monarch butterfly,monarch
monarchist,royalist
monarda,wild bergamot
monarda citriodora,lemon mint
monarda clinopodia,basil balm
monarda didyma,bee balm
monarda fistulosa,bee balm
monarda pectinata,plains lemon monarda
monarda punctata,horsemint
monardella lanceolata,mustang mint
monas,monad
monastic order,order
monaul,monal
monell metal,Monel metal
moneron,moneran
moneses uniflora,one-flowered wintergreen
monetary fund,fund
monetary resource,funds
monetary standard,standard
monetary system,medium of exchange
monetary value,price
monetisation,monetization
monetization,monetisation
money-spinner,moneymaker
money box,savings bank
money changer,exchanger
money cowrie,Cypraea moneta
money dealer,money handler
money handler,money dealer
money order,postal order
money plant,honesty
moneyer,coiner
moneylender,usurer
moneymaker,money-spinner
moneyman,financier
moneywort,creeping Jenny
monger,trader
mongol dynasty,Yuan
mongol tatar,Tatar
mongolian people's republic,Mongolia
mongolian race,Yellow race
mongolianism,mongolism
mongolic,Mongolian
mongolic language,Mongolian
mongolism,mongolianism
mongoloid race,Yellow race
mongrel,bastard
monica seles,Seles
moniker,nickname
monilia albicans,Candida albicans
monilia disease,candidiasis
moniliasis,candidiasis
monistat,miconazole
monition,admonition
monitor,proctor
monitor lizard,monitor
monitor program,monitoring program
monitoring device,monitor
monitoring program,monitor program
monitrice,labor coach
monk,monastic
monkey,imp
monkey-bread tree,baobab
monkey-wrench,monkey wrench
monkey bread,sour gourd
monkey bridge,flying bridge
monkey dog,affenpinscher
monkey jacket,mess jacket
monkey nut,peanut
monkey pinscher,affenpinscher
monkey pod,rain tree
monkey puzzle,chile pine
monkey wrench,monkey-wrench
monkeypod,rain tree
monkfish,goosefish
monkshood,helmetflower
monoamine oxidase,MAO
monoamine oxidase inhibitor,MAOI
monoblastic leukaemia,monocytic leukemia
monoblastic leukemia,monocytic leukemia
monocarp,monocarpic plant
monocarpic plant,monocarp
monocarpous plant,monocarp
monochromacy,monochromatism
monochromasy,monochromacy
monochromatic vision,monochromacy
monochromatism,monochromacy
monochromia,monochromacy
monocle,eyeglass
monoclonal antibody,monoclonal
monocot,monocotyledon
monocot family,liliopsid family
monocot genus,liliopsid genus
monocotyledon,monocot
monocotyledonae,Monocotyledones
monocracy,dictatorship
monocycle,unicycle
monocytic leukaemia,monocytic leukemia
monocytic leukemia,monocytic leukaemia
monodon monoceros,narwhal
monody,monophony
monofocal iol,monofocal lens implant
monofocal lens implant,monofocal IOL
monogamist,monogynist
monogamousness,monogamy
monogamy,monogamousness
monogenesis,sporulation
monogenic disease,monogenic disorder
monogenic disorder,monogenic disease
monogynist,monogamist
monologue,soliloquy
monomania,possession
monomorium minimum,little black ant
monomorium pharaonis,pharaoh ant
monongahela river,Monongahela
mononuclear phagocyte system,MPS
mononucleosis,infectious mononucleosis
monophonic music,monophony
monophony,monophonic music
monophthalmos,Antigonus
monoplane flying fish,two-wing flying fish
monopolisation,monopolization
monopoliser,monopolist
monopolist,monopolizer
monopolization,monopolisation
monopolizer,monopolist
monorchidism,monorchism
monorchism,monorchidism
monosaccharide,monosaccharose
monosaccharose,monosaccharide
monosodium glutamate,MSG
monospaced font,typewriter font
monosyllabic word,monosyllable
monosyllable,monosyllabic word
monotony,humdrum
monotreme,egg-laying mammal
monotropa hypopithys,pinesap
monotropa uniflora,Indian pipe
monozygotic twin,identical twin
monozygous twin,identical twin
monro's foramen,interventricular foramen
mons,mons veneris
mons pubis,mons
mons veneris,mons
monster,giant
monstera,ceriman
monstera deliciosa,ceriman
monstrance,demonstration
monstrosity,freak
montage,collage
monte,four-card monte
monte bianco,Mont Blanc
montgomery ward,Ward
month,calendar month
montia chamissoi,toad lily
montia cordifolia,broad-leaved montia
montia lamprosperma,blinks
montia perfoliata,winter purslane
monument,memorial
moo-cow,cow
mooch,moocher
moocher,mooch
mood,temper
moolah,boodle
moon-curser,smuggler
moon-ray,moonbeam
moon-worship,selenolatry
moon blindness,nyctalopia
moon carrot,stone parsley
moon curser,smuggler
moon daisy,oxeye daisy
moon ray,moonbeam
moon shell,moonshell
moon trefoil,Medicago arborea
moonbeam,moon ray
mooneye,moon blindness
moonfish,Atlantic moonfish
moonflower,belle de nuit
moonlight,moonshine
moonseed family,Menispermaceae
moonshell,moon shell
moonshine,moonlight
moonshiner,bootlegger
moonwort,common moonwort
moor-bird,red grouse
moor berry,bog bilberry
moorage,mooring
moorbird,red grouse
moorfowl,red grouse
moorgame,red grouse
moorhen,Gallinula chloropus
mooring,moorage
mooring line,mooring
mooring mast,mooring tower
mooring tower,mooring mast
moorish architecture,Moorish
moorland,moor
moorwort,bog rosemary
moose,elk
moose-wood,moosewood
moosewood,moose-wood
mop,swab
mop up,completion
mopboard,baseboard
mope,dallier
mopes,dumps
mopping,swabbing
moral excellence,virtue
moral force,dynamic
moral philosophy,ethics
moral principle,ethic
moral sense,conscience
morale,esprit de corps
morale booster,morale building
morale building,morale booster
moralisation,moralizing
moralist,martinet
morality,ethical motive
moralization,moralizing
moralizing,moralization
morals,ethical motive
morass,mire
moray,moray eel
moray eel,moray
morbidity,morbidness
morbidness,morbidity
morbilli,measles
morchella angusticeps,black morel
morchella conica,black morel
morchella esculenta,common morel
mordecai richler,Richler
mordvin,Mordva
mordvinian,Mordva
morelia spilotes variegatus,carpet snake
morello,Prunus cerasus austera
mores,More
moreton bay pine,hoop pine
morgue,mortuary
morion,cabasset
mormon church,Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
mormon cricket,Anabrus simplex
mormon state,Utah
mormon tabernacle,Tabernacle
mormons,Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
morn,morning
morning,morn
morning-glory family,Convolvulaceae
morning coat,swallow-tailed coat
morning prayer,matins
morning star,daystar
morning time,morning
moro reflex,startle reflex
moron,idiot
morone americana,white perch
morone interrupta,yellow bass
moronity,mental deficiency
moroseness,glumness
morphia,morphine
morphine,morphia
morphological rule,rule of morphology
morphology,sound structure
morphophysiology,functional anatomy
morrigu,Morrigan
morris dance,morris dancing
morris dancing,morris dance
morrison r. waite,Waite
morrison remick waite,Waite
morrison waite,Waite
morse code,Morse
morsel,bit
mortal sin,deadly sin
mortality,deathrate
mortality rate,deathrate
mortar,howitzer
mortarboard,hawk
mortgage holder,mortgagee
mortgage loan,real estate loan
mortgagee,mortgage holder
mortgager,mortgagor
mortgagor,mortgager
mortice,mortise
mortician,undertaker
mortification,chagrin
mortise,mortice
mortise-and-tenon joint,mortise joint
mortise joint,ankle
mortmain,dead hand
morus alba,white mulberry
morus nigra,black mulberry
morus rubra,red mulberry
mosaic gold,stannic sulfide
moschus moschiferus,musk deer
moses maimonides,Maimonides
moshe dayan,Dayan
moslem calendar,Islamic calendar
mosquito boat,PT boat
mosquito craft,PT boat
mosquito fern,floating fern
mosquito hawk,dragonfly
mosquitofish,Gambusia affinis
moss animal,bryozoan
moss campion,Silene acaulis
moss hart,Hart
moss locust,bristly locust
moss phlox,moss pink
moss pink,ground pink
mossy-cup oak,bur oak
mossy saxifrage,Saxifraga hypnoides
mossycup oak,bur oak
most valuable player,MVP
mot,bon mot
mot test,MOT
mote,atom
moth bean,Vigna aconitifolia
moth miller,miller
moth mullein,Verbascum blattaria
moth orchid,moth plant
moth plant,moth orchid
mothball,camphor ball
mother,female parent
mother's boy,mamma's boy
mother-in-law's tongue,snake plant
mother-in-law plant,dumb cane
mother-of-pearl,nacre
mother-of-pearl cloud,nacreous cloud
mother-of-thousands,strawberry geranium
mother board,CPU board
mother carey's hen,Mother Carey's chicken
mother country,fatherland
mother fucker,asshole
mother jones,Jones
mother lode,champion lode
mother of thyme,basil thyme
mother seton,Seton
mother superior,abbess
mother teresa,Teresa
mother theresa,Teresa
mother tongue,maternal language
mother wit,common sense
motherese,baby talk
motherfucker,asshole
motherhood,maternity
motherland,fatherland
motherliness,maternalism
motherwort,Leonurus cardiaca
motif,motive
motility,motion
motion,gesture
motion-picture camera,movie camera
motion-picture fan,moviegoer
motion-picture film,movie film
motion-picture photography,filming
motion-picture show,movie
motion picture,movie
motion sickness,kinetosis
motion study,time and motion study
motionlessness,stillness
motivation,motive
motivator,incentive
motive power,locomotion
motivity,locomotion
motley fool,jester
motmot,momot
motoneuron,motor neuron
motor aphasia,Broca's aphasia
motor area,motor region
motor ataxia,ataxia
motor city,Detroit
motor cortex,motor area
motor end plate,end-plate
motor fiber,efferent fiber
motor home,camper
motor horn,automobile horn
motor hotel,motor inn
motor inn,motor hotel
motor lodge,motor hotel
motor memory,muscle memory
motor mower,power mower
motor nerve,efferent nerve
motor nerve fiber,motor neuron
motor neuron,efferent neuron
motor region,motor area
motor scooter,scooter
motor torpedo boat,PT boat
motor vehicle,automotive vehicle
motorbike,minibike
motorboat,powerboat
motorbus,bus
motorcar,car
motorcoach,bus
motorcycle,bike
motorcycle cop,motorcycle policeman
motorcycle policeman,motorcycle cop
motorisation,motorization
motorist,automobilist
motorization,motorisation
motortruck,truck
motorway,expressway
motown,Detroit
motrin,ibuprofen
motto,slogan
moue,pout
moufflon,mouflon
mouflon,moufflon
moujik,muzhik
moukden,Shenyang
mould,mold
mouldboard,moldboard
mouldboard plough,moldboard plow
moulding,molding
moult,molt
moulter,molter
moulting,molt
mound,hill
mound-bird,megapode
mound bird,megapode
mount,saddle horse
mount adams,Adams
mount ararat,Ararat
mount asama,Asama
mount athos,Athos
mount communism,Communism Peak
mount cook lily,mountain lily
mount etna,Etna
mount everest,Everest
mount fuji,Fuji
mount garmo,Communism Peak
mount godwin austen,K2
mount hubbard,Hubbard
mount kanchenjunga,Kanchenjunga
mount kilimanjaro,Kilimanjaro
mount logan,Logan
mount mckinley,McKinley
mount olympus,Olympus
mount orizaba,Citlaltepetl
mount parnassus,Parnassus
mount pinatubo,Pinatubo
mount ranier,Ranier
mount rushmore,Rushmore
mount rushmore state,South Dakota
mount shasta,Shasta
mount sherman,Sherman
mount sinai,Sinai
mount st. helens,Mount Saint Helens
mount tacoma,Ranier
mount vesuvius,Vesuvius
mount whitney,Whitney
mount wilson,Wilson
mountain,mount
mountain alder,mountain maple
mountain andromeda,fetterbush
mountain anemone,Alpine anemone
mountain ash,Eucalyptus regnans
mountain avens,Dryas octopetala
mountain azalea,alpine azalea
mountain beaver,sewellel
mountain bike,all-terrain bike
mountain birch,swamp birch
mountain blacksnake,black rat snake
mountain bladder fern,Cystopteris montana
mountain blue berry,bilberry
mountain box,common bearberry
mountain chain,range
mountain chinchilla,mountain viscacha
mountain clematis,purple clematis
mountain climber,mountaineer
mountain climbing,mountaineering
mountain clubmoss,fir clubmoss
mountain cranberry,cowberry
mountain daisy,mountain sandwort
mountain devil,honeyflower
mountain ebony,orchid tree
mountain fern,Oreopteris limbosperma
mountain fetterbush,fetterbush
mountain fever,Rocky Mountain spotted fever
mountain four o'clock,Mirabilis oblongifolia
mountain goat,Rocky Mountain goat
mountain gorilla,Gorilla gorilla beringei
mountain grape,Oregon grape
mountain heath,Phyllodoce caerulea
mountain hemlock,black hemlock
mountain hollyhock,Iliamna ruvularis
mountain lady's slipper,Cypripedium montanum
mountain laurel,wood laurel
mountain lily,Lilium auratum
mountain lion,cougar
mountain male fern,Dryopteris oreades
mountain man,frontiersman
mountain maple,mountain alder
mountain nyala,Tragelaphus buxtoni
mountain oak,alpine ash
mountain parsley fern,European parsley fern
mountain partridge,mountain quail
mountain pass,pass
mountain phlox,moss pink
mountain pine,pahautea
mountain pride,Penstemon newberryi
mountain quail,mountain partridge
mountain range,range
mountain rice,silkgrass
mountain rimu,Lepidothamnus laxifolius
mountain rose,Rosa pendulina
mountain sandwort,mountain starwort
mountain skink,Eumeces callicephalus
mountain spinach,garden orache
mountain spleenwort,Asplenium montanum
mountain standard time,Mountain Time
mountain starwort,mountain sandwort
mountain state,West Virginia
mountain sumac,dwarf sumac
mountain swamp gum,Eucalyptus camphora
mountain tea,teaberry
mountain viscacha,mountain chinchilla
mountain watercress,American watercress
mountain zebra,Equus zebra zebra
mountaineer,mountain climber
mountaineering,mountain climbing
mountainside,versant
mountebank,charlatan
mounter,climber
mounties,Royal Canadian Mounted Police
mounting,climb
mourner,griever
mournful widow,sweet scabious
mournfulness,sorrowfulness
mourning band,weed
mourning cloak,mourning cloak butterfly
mourning cloak butterfly,mourning cloak
mourning dove,Zenaidura macroura
mouse,shiner
mouse's nest,mouse nest
mouse-ear chickweed,mouse eared chickweed
mouse-ear cress,Arabidopsis thaliana
mouse-ear hawkweed,Pilosella officinarum
mouse click,click
mouse deer,chevrotain
mouse ear,forget-me-not
mouse eared chickweed,mouse-ear chickweed
mouse hare,pika
mouse mat,mousepad
mouse nest,mouse's nest
mousepad,mouse mat
mousetrap,trap play
mousse,hair mousse
moussorgsky,Mussorgsky
moustache,mustache
moustache cup,mustache cup
moustachio,mustachio
mouth,oral cavity
mouth-to-mouth resuscitation,cardiopulmonary resuscitation
mouth bow,jew's harp
mouth harp,harmonica
mouth organ,harmonica
mouthful,taste
mouthpiece,mouth
mouthwash,gargle
mouton,mutton
movability,movableness
movable feast,moveable feast
movableness,movability
move,relocation
moveable feast,movable feast
movement,motion
movement for revenge,Tareekh e Kasas
movement of holy warriors,Harkat-ul-Mujahidin
mover,proposer
mover and shaker,shaker
movie,film
movie actor,screen actor
movie camera,motion-picture camera
movie film,motion-picture film
movie house,cinema
movie industry,film industry
movie maker,film maker
movie making,moviemaking
movie projector,cine projector
movie star,film star
movie theater,cinema
movie theatre,cinema
moviegoer,motion-picture fan
moviemaking,movie making
movimiento revolucionario tupac anaru,Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement
moving-picture show,movie
moving company,mover
moving in,occupation
moving picture,movie
moving ridge,wave
moving staircase,escalator
moving stairway,escalator
mow,hayloft
mower,lawn mower
moxie,backbone
moxie plum,creeping snowberry
mp,military policeman
mph,miles per hour
mps,mononuclear phagocyte system
mr,Mister
mr.,Mister
mrd,machine readable dictionary
mri,magnetic resonance imaging
mrna,messenger RNA
mrs.,Mrs
mrs. gandhi,Gandhi
mrs. henry wood,Wood
mrs. humphrey ward,Ward
mrs. simpson,Simpson
mrta,Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement
ms,multiple sclerosis
ms.,Ms
msasa,Brachystegia speciformis
msb,mutual savings bank
msc,Master of Science
msec,millisecond
msg,monosodium glutamate
msh,melanocyte-stimulating hormone
mst,Mountain Time
mt,meitnerium
mt. ararat,Ararat
mt. everest,Everest
mt. mckinley,McKinley
mt. olympus,Olympus
mt. ranier,Ranier
mt. rushmore,Rushmore
mt. st. helens,Mount Saint Helens
mt. vesuvius,Vesuvius
mt etna,Etna
mt orizaba,Citlaltepetl
mu-meson,muon
muadhdhin,muezzin
muammar al-qaddafi,Qaddafi
muammar el-qaddafi,Qaddafi
muazzin,muezzin
mucilage,glue
muck,sludge
muckheap,dunghill
muckhill,dunghill
muckle,batch
muckraker,mudslinger
mucocutaneous leishmaniasis,New World leishmaniasis
mucocutaneous lymph node syndrome,Kawasaki disease
mucosa,mucous membrane
mucous colitis,irritable bowel syndrome
mucous membrane,mucosa
mucous secretion,mucus
mucoviscidosis,cystic fibrosis
mucuna aterrima,cowage
mucuna deeringiana,cowage
mucuna pruriens utilis,cowage
mucus,mucous secretion
mud,clay
mud digger,ditch digger
mud hen,American coot
mud midget,bogmat
mud plantain,water star grass
mud puppy,Necturus maculosus
mudcat,catfish
muddiness,wateriness
muddle,clutter
mudguard,splash guard
mudskipper,mudspringer
mudslinger,muckraker
mudspringer,mudskipper
muenchen,Munich
muezzin,muazzin
muff,fumble
muffin,gem
muffler,silencer
mug,mugful
mug book,mug file
mug file,mug book
mug shot,mugshot
mugful,mug
muggins,fool
mugho pine,Swiss mountain pine
mugil cephalus,striped mullet
mugil curema,white mullet
mugil liza,liza
mugo pine,Swiss mountain pine
mugshot,mug shot
muhammad ali,Mohammed Ali
muhammad ali jinnah,Jinnah
muhammadan calendar,Islamic calendar
muhammadanism,Islam
muhammedan,Mohammedan
muharrum,Muharram
muhlenbergia schreberi,nimblewill
mujahadeen,mujahidin
mujahadein,mujahidin
mujahadin,mujahidin
mujahedeen,mujahidin
mujahedin,mujahidin
mujahideen,mujahidin
mujahidin,mujahedin
mujik,muzhik
mukden,Shenyang
mulberry,mulberry tree
mulberry family,Moraceae
mulberry fig,sycamore
mulberry tree,mulberry
mulct,fine
mule,scuff
mule's ears,Wyethia amplexicaulis
mule deer,burro deer
mule driver,muleteer
mule fat,Baccharis viminea
mule skinner,muleteer
muleteer,mule skinner
muliebrity,womanhood
mulishness,stubbornness
mulla,Mullah
mullah mohammed omar,Mullah Omar
mullein,flannel leaf
mullein pink,rose campion
mullet,grey mullet
mulligan,mulligan stew
mulligan stew,mulligan
mulloidichthys martinicus,yellow goatfish
mulloway,jewfish
mullus auratus,red goatfish
mullus surmuletus,goatfish
multiengine airplane,multiengine plane
multiengine plane,multiengine airplane
multifariousness,diverseness
multiflora,multiflora rose
multiflora rose,multiflora
multifocal iol,multifocal lens implant
multifocal lens implant,multifocal IOL
multimedia,multimedia system
multimedia system,multimedia
multiple correlation,multiple regression
multiple fruit,aggregate fruit
multiple neuritis,polyneuritis
multiple personality,split personality
multiple regression,multiple correlation
multiple sclerosis,MS
multiplication,generation
multiplicative inverse,reciprocal
multiplicity,numerousness
multiplier,multiplier factor
multiplier factor,multiplier
multiplier onion,shallot
multiprocessing,parallel processing
multiprogramming,concurrent execution
multistage rocket,step rocket
multitude,battalion
multivalence,polyvalence
multivalency,polyvalence
multivitamin,multivitamin pill
multivitamin pill,multivitamin
mulwi,Musgu
mumble-the-peg,mumblety-peg
mumbler,mutterer
mumblety-peg,mumble-the-peg
mumbling,gumming
mumification necrosis,dry gangrene
mummer,mime
mummery,flummery
mummichog,Fundulus heteroclitus
mummification,dry gangrene
mummy,ma
mumps,epidemic parotitis
munchausen,Munchhausen
munchausen syndrome,Munchausen's syndrome
munchener,Munich beer
munda-mon-khmer,Austro-Asiatic
mundaneness,sophistication
mundanity,sophistication
mung,mung bean
mung bean,mung
mungo park,Park
municipal center,civic center
munificence,largess
munition,weaponry
munitions industry,arms industry
munj,munja
munja,munj
munjeet,Indian madder
munjuk,Musgu
muntingia calabura,Jamaican cherry
muntjac,barking deer
muntz metal,alpha-beta brass
muon,negative muon
muramidase,lysozyme
murder,slaying
murder charge,murder indictment
murder indictment,murder charge
murderer,liquidator
muriel sarah spark,Spark
muriel spark,Spark
murine typhus,rat typhus
muritaniya,Mauritania
murk,fog
murkiness,fog
murmur,mutter
murmur vowel,murmur
murmuration,mutter
murmurer,mutterer
murphy,potato
murray gell-mann,Gell-Mann
murray river,Murray
murrumbidgee river,Murrumbidgee
mus musculus,house mouse
mus rose,musk mallow
musa acuminata,dwarf banana
musa basjoo,Japanese banana
musa ensete,Abyssinian banana
musa paradisiaca,plantain
musa paradisiaca sapientum,edible banana
musa textilis,abaca
musca domestica,housefly
musca volitans,muscae volitantes
muscadel,muscat
muscadelle,muscat
muscadine,Vitis rotundifolia
muscae volitantes,musca volitans
muscardinus avellanarius,hazel mouse
muscari comosum,tassel hyacinth
muscari neglectum,common grape hyacinth
muscat,muskat
muscat and oman,Oman
muscat grape,muscat
muscatel,muscat
musci,Bryopsida
muscicapa grisola,spotted flycatcher
muscicapa striata,spotted flycatcher
muscivora-forficata,scissortail
muscle,musculus
muscle-builder,bodybuilder
muscle builder,bodybuilder
muscle building,bodybuilding
muscle cell,muscle fiber
muscle contraction,contraction
muscle fiber,muscle cell
muscle fibre,muscle cell
muscle memory,motor memory
muscle sense,kinesthesis
muscle spasm,spasm
muscle system,muscular structure
muscle tone,muscular tonus
musclebuilder,bodybuilder
musclebuilding,bodybuilding
muscleman,muscle
muscovy duck,musk duck
muscular contraction,contraction
muscular dystrophy,dystrophy
muscular structure,musculature
muscular tissue,muscle
muscular tonus,muscle tone
muscularity,brawn
musculature,muscular structure
musculophrenic artery,arteria musculophrenica
musculophrenic vein,vena musculophrenica
musculospiral nerve,radial nerve
musculus,muscle
musculus adductor magnus,great adductor muscle
musculus anconeus,anconeous muscle
musculus biceps brachii,biceps brachii
musculus biceps femoris,femoral biceps
musculus buccinator,cheek muscle
musculus deltoideus,deltoid
musculus intercostalis,intercostal
musculus obliquus externus abdominis,external oblique muscle
musculus pectoralis,pectoral
musculus pectoralis major,pectoralis major
musculus pectoralis minor,pectoralis minor
musculus quadriceps femoris,quadriceps
musculus rhomboideus major,rhomboideus major muscle
musculus rhomboideus minor,rhomboid minor muscle
musculus sartorius,sartorius
musculus scalenus,scalenus
musculus serratus anterior,anterior serratus muscle
musculus serratus posterior,posterior serratus muscle
musculus sphincter ani,anal sphincter
musculus sphincter pupillae,pupillary sphincter
musculus sphincter pylori,pyloric sphincter
musculus sphincter urethrae,urethral sphincter
musculus sphincter vesicae,bladder sphincter
musculus sternocleidomastoideus,sternocleidomastoid
musculus temporalis,temporalis muscle
musculus teres major,teres major
musculus teres minor,teres minor
musculus tibialis,tibialis
musculus transversalis abdominis,transversus abdominis muscle
musculus trapezius,trapezius
musculus triceps brachii,triceps brachii
musd,Doctor of Music
muser,muller
musette,shepherd's pipe
musgoi,Daba
mush,pulp
mushiness,pulpiness
mushroom,mushroom cloud
mushroom-shaped cloud,mushroom
mushroom cloud,mushroom
mushroom wine sauce,marchand de vin
music,euphony
music box,musical box
music department,department of music
music director,conductor
music genre,musical genre
music hall,vaudeville theater
music lover,concert-goer
music paper,score paper
music rack,music stand
music school,school of music
music stand,music rack
music stool,piano stool
musical accompaniment,accompaniment
musical arrangement,arrangement
musical box,music box
musical chairs,going to Jerusalem
musical comedy,musical
musical composition,opus
musical genre,music genre
musical group,musical organization
musical harmony,harmony
musical instrument,instrument
musical instrument digital interface,MIDI
musical interval,interval
musical mode,mode
musical note,note
musical octave,octave
musical organisation,musical organization
musical organization,musical organisation
musical passage,passage
musical phrase,phrase
musical rhythm,rhythm
musical scale,scale
musical score,score
musical soiree,soiree musicale
musical style,music genre
musical theater,musical
musical theme,theme
musical time signature,time signature
musicality,musicalness
musicalness,musicality
musician,instrumentalist
musjid,masjid
musk clover,muskus grass
musk deer,Moschus moschiferus
musk duck,muscovy duck
musk hog,peccary
musk kangaroo,Hypsiprymnodon moschatus
musk mallow,abelmosk
musk ox,musk sheep
musk rose,Rosa moschata
musk sheep,musk ox
musk thistle,nodding thistle
musk turtle,stinkpot
muskat,muscat
muskellunge,Esox masquinongy
musket ball,ball
muskhogean language,Muskhogean
muskmelon,sweet melon
muskogean,Muskhogean
muskogean language,Muskhogean
muskrat,muskrat fur
muskrat fur,muskrat
muskus grass,musk clover
muskwood,Olearia argophylla
muslim calendar,Islamic calendar
muslim ummah,Ummah
muslimism,Islam
musquash,muskrat
muss,mess
mussel shrimp,seed shrimp
mussiness,mess
mussitation,mutter
mustache,moustache
mustache cup,moustache cup
mustachio,moustachio
mustafa kemal,Ataturk
mustagh,Karakoram
mustagh range,Karakoram
mustang mint,Monardella lanceolata
mustard,table mustard
mustard agent,mustard gas
mustard family,Cruciferae
mustard gas,mustard agent
mustard greens,mustard
mustard plaster,sinapism
mustard tree,tree tobacco
mustela erminea,ermine
mustela frenata,longtail weasel
mustela nigripes,black-footed ferret
mustela nivalis,Old World least weasel
mustela putorius,polecat
mustela rixosa,New World least weasel
mustela vison,American mink
mustelid,musteline mammal
musteline,musteline mammal
musteline mammal,mustelid
mustelus canis,American smooth dogfish
mustelus mustelus,smoothhound
mustelus norrisi,Florida smoothhound
muster,conscription
mustiness,must
mutability,mutableness
mutableness,mutability
mutamycin,mitomycin
mutation,mutant
mutawa,Mutawa'een
mute swan,Cygnus olor
muteness,mutism
mutilator,maimer
mutinus caninus,dog stinkhorn
mutism,muteness
mutsuhito,Meiji Tenno
mutt,cur
mutter,muttering
mutterer,mumbler
muttering,mutter
mutton,mouton
mutton chop,sideburn
mutton quad,em
mutton snapper,muttonfish
muttonfish,mutton snapper
muttonhead,dunce
mutual affection,mutual understanding
mutual aid,international logistic support
mutual exclusiveness,incompatibility
mutual fund,mutual fund company
mutual fund company,mutual fund
mutual inductance,coefficient of mutual induction
mutual opposition,polarity
mutual savings bank,MSB
mutual understanding,mutual affection
mutualism,symbiosis
mutuality,mutualness
mutualness,mutuality
muumuu,Mother Hubbard
muzhik,moujik
muzjik,muzhik
muztagh,Muztag
muzzle,gun muzzle
mv,millivolt
mvp,most valuable player
mx,maxwell
mya arenaria,soft-shell clam
myalgia,myodynia
myasthenia,myasthenia gravis
myasthenia gravis,myasthenia
myasthenic syndrome,Lambert-Eaton syndrome
mycenaean civilisation,Mycenaean civilization
mycenaean culture,Mycenaean civilization
mycobacteria,mycobacterium
mycobacterium,mycobacteria
mycobacterium leprae,leprosy bacillus
mycobacterium tuberculosis,tubercle bacillus
mycophage,mycophagist
mycophagist,mycophage
mycoplasmal pneumonia,atypical pneumonia
mycosis,fungal infection
mycostatin,nystatin
mycteria americana,wood ibis
mycteroperca bonaci,jewfish
mydriatic,mydriatic drug
mydriatic drug,mydriatic
myelin,myeline
myelin sheath,medullary sheath
myelinated nerve fiber,medullated nerve fiber
myeline,myelin
myelinisation,myelinization
myelinization,myelinisation
myelocytic leukemia,granulocytic leukemia
myeloid leukemia,chronic myelocytic leukemia
myenteric plexus,plexus myentericus
myg,myriagram
myles standish,Standish
mylitta,Ishtar
mym,myriameter
myna,mynah
myna bird,myna
mynah,myna
mynah bird,myna
myocardial infarct,myocardial infarction
myocardial infarction,myocardial infarct
myocardial inflammation,myocarditis
myocardiopathy,cardiomyopathy
myocarditis,myocardial inflammation
myocastor coypus,coypu
myoclonus epilepsy,Lafora's disease
myodynia,myalgia
myofibril,myofibrilla
myofibrilla,myofibril
myoneural junction,neuromuscular junction
myopia,nearsightedness
myosis,epidemic pleurodynia
myositis trichinosa,trichinosis
myosotis scorpiodes,forget-me-not
myosotis sylvatica,garden forget-me-not
myotactic reflex,stretch reflex
myotic drug,miotic drug
myotis leucifugus,little brown bat
myotis velifer,cave myotis
myotonia atrophica,myotonic muscular dystrophy
myotonia congenita,Thomsen's disease
myotonic dystrophy,myotonic muscular dystrophy
myotonic muscular dystrophy,myotonic dystrophy
myrcia,Myrciaria
myrciaria cauliflora,jaboticaba
myriagram,myg
myriameter,myriametre
myriametre,myriameter
myriapoda,Diplopoda
myrica cerifera,bay myrtle
myrica gale,sweet gale
myrica pensylvanica,bayberry
myricaria germanica,false tamarisk
myringa,eardrum
myristic acid,tetradecanoic acid
myristica fragrans,nutmeg
myrmecobius fasciatus,numbat
myrmecophaga jubata,ant bear
myrobalan,cherry plum
myrobalan plum,cherry plum
myroxylon balsamum,tolu tree
myroxylon balsamum pereirae,Peruvian balsam
myroxylon pereirae,Peruvian balsam
myroxylon toluiferum,tolu tree
myrrh,gum myrrh
myrrh tree,Commiphora myrrha
myrrhis odorata,sweet cicely
myrsine family,Myrsinaceae
myrtillocactus geometrizans,garambulla
myrtle,Vinca minor
myrtle beech,Nothofagus cuninghamii
myrtle bird,myrtle warbler
myrtle family,Myrtaceae
myrtle flag,sweet flag
myrtle oak,seaside scrub oak
myrtle spurge,caper spurge
myrtle warbler,myrtle bird
myrtus communis,common myrtle
mysoline,primidone
mystery,enigma
mystery novel,detective novel
mystery story,mystery
mystic jewel,Ling-pao
mysticism,religious mysticism
mystification,bewilderment
mystifier,puzzle
mythical creature,mythical monster
mythical monster,mythical creature
mythical place,imaginary place
mythologisation,mythologization
mythologization,mythologisation
mytilene,Lesbos
mytilid,marine mussel
mytilus edulis,edible mussel
myxedema,myxoedema
myxinoidea,Myxiniformes
myxinoidei,Myxiniformes
myxobacter,myxobacteria
myxobacterales,order Myxobacteria
myxobacteria,myxobacterium
myxobacteriaceae,Polyangiaceae
myxobacteriales,order Myxobacteria
myxobacterium,myxobacteria
myxocephalus aenaeus,grubby
myxoedema,myxedema
myxomycete,true slime mold
n,nitrogen
n. y. stock exchange,New York Stock Exchange
n.b.,nota bene
na,sodium
naan,nan
nabalus alba,white lettuce
nabalus serpentarius,lion's foot
nabob,nawab
naboom,cactus euphorbia
nabothian cyst,nabothian follicle
nabothian follicle,nabothian cyst
nabumetone,Relafen
nac,North Atlantic Council
nacre,mother-of-pearl
nacreous cloud,mother-of-pearl cloud
nad,nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide
nada,nothing
nadine gordimer,Gordimer
nadir,low-water mark
nadolol,Corgard
nadp,nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate
naemorhedus goral,goral
nafcil,nafcillin
nafcillin,Nafcil
nafta,North American Free Trade Agreement
nafud,Nefud
nag,scold
nag hammadi library,Nag Hammadi
nagami,nagami kumquat
nagami kumquat,nagami
nagari,Devanagari
nagari script,Devanagari
nageia nagi,nagi
nagger,scold
nagi,Nageia nagi
naiad,water nymph
naiad family,Naiadaceae
nail-tailed kangaroo,nail-tailed wallaby
nail-tailed wallaby,nail-tailed kangaroo
nail enamel,nail polish
nail polish,nail enamel
nail pulling,nail removal
nail removal,nail pulling
nail varnish,nail polish
nailrod,cat's-tail
naive art,outsider art
naive realism,realism
naiveness,naivete
naivete,naivety
naivety,naivete
naja haje,asp
naja hannah,hamadryad
naja naja,Indian cobra
naja nigricollis,black-necked cobra
najadaceae,Naiadaceae
najas,Naias
najd,Nejd
naked lady,autumn crocus
nakedness,nudity
nakedwood,Eugenia dicrana
nalfon,fenoprofen
nalidixic acid,NegGram
nalline,nalorphine
nalorphine,Nalline
naloxone,Narcan
name,gens
name and address,address
name calling,names
name part,title role
nameko,viscid mushroom
namelessness,anonymity
names,name calling
nammad,numdah
namoi river,Namoi
namtaru,Namtar
nan,grandma
nan-chang,Nanchang
nan-ning,Nanning
nan river,Nan
nance,fagot
nancy freeman mitford,Mitford
nancy mitford,Mitford
nancy witcher astor,Astor
nand gate,NAND circuit
nandrolone,Durabolin
nandu,rhea
nanism,dwarfism
nanking,Nanjing
nanna,grandma
nanny,nursemaid
nanny-goat,nanny
nanocephaly,microcephaly
nanogram,ng
nanometer,nanometre
nanometre,nanometer
nanotube,carbon nanotube
nanus,dwarf
nap,sleep
napa,Chinese cabbage
napaea dioica,glade mallow
nape,scruff
napery,table linen
naphazoline,Privine
naphthoquinone,vitamin K
napier's rods,Napier's bones
napierian logarithm,natural logarithm
napkin,table napkin
naples garlic,daffodil garlic
napoleon bonaparte,Napoleon
napoleon i,Napoleon
napoli,Naples
naprosyn,naproxen
naproxen,Naprosyn
naproxen sodium,Aleve
napu,Tragulus Javanicus
naqua,trichlormethiazide
nara,National Archives and Records Administration
naranjilla,Solanum quitoense
narc,nark
narcan,naloxone
narcism,self-love
narcissism,self-love
narcissist,narcist
narcissus jonquilla,jonquil
narcissus papyraceus,paper white
narcissus pseudonarcissus,daffodil
narcist,narcissist
narcotics agent,narc
narcotraffic,drug traffic
nard,spikenard
nardil,phenelzine
nardo,nardoo
nardoo,nardo
narghile,hookah
nargileh,hookah
nark,copper's nark
narration,narrative
narrator,storyteller
narrow-body,narrowbody aircraft
narrow-body aircraft,narrowbody aircraft
narrow-leaf cattail,lesser bullrush
narrow-leaf penstemon,Penstemon linarioides
narrow-leaved bottletree,Queensland bottletree
narrow-leaved everlasting pea,flat pea
narrow-leaved flame flower,Talinum augustissimum
narrow-leaved plantain,English plantain
narrow-leaved reedmace,lesser bullrush
narrow-leaved spleenwort,silvery spleenwort
narrow-leaved strap fern,Central American strap fern
narrow-mindedness,narrowness
narrow beech fern,long beech fern
narrow boat,canal boat
narrow escape,close call
narrow goldenrod,Solidago spathulata
narrow margin,narrowness
narrowboat,canal boat
narrowbody aircraft,narrow-body aircraft
narrowhead morel,black morel
narrowness,narrow-mindedness
narthecium americanum,American bog asphodel
narthecium ossifragum,European bog asphodel
narwal,narwhal
narwhal,narwal
narwhale,narwhal
nasa,National Aeronautics and Space Administration
nasal bone,nasal
nasal consonant,nasal
nasal sinus,paranasal sinus
nasal twang,twang
nasalis larvatus,proboscis monkey
nasalisation,nasalization
nasalization,nasalisation
nascence,birth
nascency,birth
nasdaq,National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations
nasofrontal vein,vena nasofrontalis
nasopharyngeal leishmaniasis,mucocutaneous leishmaniasis
nastiness,filth
nasturtium amphibium,great yellowcress
nasturtium family,Tropaeolaceae
nasturtium officinale,common watercress
nasua narica,coati
nat turner,Turner
natal day,birthday
natal plum,amatungulu
natalie wood,Wood
natality,birthrate
natation,floating
natator,swimmer
natatorium,swimming pool
nates,buttocks
nathan bailey,Bailey
nathan birnbaum,Burns
nathan hale,Hale
nathaniel bailey,Bailey
nathaniel bowditch,Bowditch
nathaniel currier,Currier
nathaniel hawthorne,Hawthorne
nation,state
national assistance,supplementary benefit
national flag,ensign
national holiday,legal holiday
national intelligence community,Intelligence Community
national leader,statesman
national socialism,Nazism
national trading policy,trade policy
national volunteers association,Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh
nationalisation,nationalization
nationalism,patriotism
nationalist china,Taiwan
nationalization,nationalisation
native alaskan,Alaska Native
native australian,Aborigine
native bear,koala
native beech,flindosa
native cat,Dasyurus viverrinus
native cranberry,groundberry
native fuchsia,konini
native holly,common flat pea
native land,fatherland
native orange,Capparis mitchellii
native peach,quandong
native pear,woody pear
native pomegranate,Capparis arborea
native sulfur,brimstone
native sulphur,brimstone
nativity,birth
nato,North Atlantic Treaty Organization
natrix maura,viperine grass snake
natrix natrix,grass snake
natrix sipedon,common water snake
natterjack,Bufo calamita
nattiness,jauntiness
natural action,natural process
natural covering,covering
natural depression,depression
natural elevation,elevation
natural enclosure,enclosure
natural endowment,endowment
natural event,happening
natural fiber,natural fibre
natural fibre,natural fiber
natural gas,gas
natural immunity,innate immunity
natural language,tongue
natural language processing,NLP
natural language processing application,natural language processor
natural language processor,natural language processing application
natural law,law
natural logarithm,Napierian logarithm
natural philosophy,physics
natural process,natural action
natural resource,natural resources
natural resources,natural resource
natural rubber,rubber
natural scientist,naturalist
natural selection,survival
natural spring,spring
natural state,wild
naturalisation,naturalization
naturalism,realism
naturalist,natural scientist
naturalization,naturalisation
naturalness,artlessness
naturism,nudism
naturist,nudist
nauch,nautch
nauclea diderrichii,opepe
naucrates ductor,pilotfish
naught,nothing
naughtiness,mischievousness
naumachia,naumachy
naumachy,naumachia
naupathia,seasickness
nauru island,Nauru
nausea,sickness
nauseant,emetic
nauseatingness,disgustingness
naut mi,nautical mile
nautch,nauch
nautch dance,nautch
nautical mile,naut mi
nautical signal flag,code flag
nautilus,nuclear submarine
navajo,Navaho
naval brass,Admiralty brass
naval chart,navigational chart
naval division,division
naval engineer,marine engineer
naval forces,navy
naval installation,shore station
naval shipyard,navy yard
navane,thiothixene
navel,umbilicus
navel-gazing,omphaloskepsis
navel point,navel
navigation,pilotage
navigational chart,naval chart
navigator,sailing master
navvy,drudge
navy,naval forces
navy bean,pea bean
navy blue,dark blue
navy man,bluejacket
navy secretary,Secretary of the Navy
navy yard,naval shipyard
nawab,nabob
nawcwpns,Naval Air Warfare Center Weapons Division
naze,Lindesnes
nazi germany,Third Reich
nazi party,National Socialist German Workers' Party
naziism,Nazism
nb,niobium
nbe,north by east
nbw,north by west
nc,North Carolina
ncdc,National Climatic Data Center
nd,neodymium
ndjamena,N'Djamena
ne,neon
ne'er-do-well,goldbrick
ne plus ultra,perfection
neanderthal man,Neandertal man
neap,neap tide
neap tide,neap
near east,Middle East
near gale,moderate gale
nearness,closeness
nearsightedness,myopia
neatness,spruceness
neb,snout
nebbech,nebbish
nebbish,nebbech
nebcin,tobramycin
nebe,northeast by east
nebiim,Prophets
nebn,northeast by north
nebo,Nabu
nebraska fern,hemlock
nebuchadnezzar ii,Nebuchadnezzar
nebuchadrezzar,Nebuchadnezzar
nebuchadrezzar ii,Nebuchadnezzar
nebuliser,atomizer
nebulizer,atomizer
nec,necrotizing enterocolitis
necessity,essential
neck,cervix
neck bone,cervical vertebra
neck of the woods,vicinity
neck opening,neck
neck ruff,choker
neck sweetbread,throat sweetbread
neckar river,Neckar
neckband,collar
neckcloth,stock
necking,gorgerin
necklace poplar,Eastern cottonwood
necktie,tie
necrobiosis,cell death
necrobiosis lipoidica,necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum
necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum,necrobiosis lipoidica
necrology,obituary
necromancer,sorcerer
necromancy,sorcery
necromania,necrophilia
necrophagia,necrophagy
necrophagy,necrophagia
necrophilia,necrophilism
necrophilism,necrophilia
necropolis,cemetery
necropsy,autopsy
necrosis,mortification
necrotizing enterocolitis,NEC
nectar,ambrosia
nectarine,nectarine tree
nectarine tree,nectarine
nectary,honey gland
necturus maculosus,mud puppy
nederland,Netherlands
need,demand
needer,wanter
neediness,privation
needle,acerate leaf
needle-bush,needlebush
needle-wood,needlewood
needle bearing,ball bearing
needle blight,needle cast
needle bush,needlebush
needle cast,needle blight
needle furze,broom tree
needle palm,Adam's needle
needle rush,needle spike rush
needle spike rush,needle rush
needle wood,needlewood
needlebush,needle-bush
needlecraft,needlework
needlefish,gar
needlepoint,point lace
needlepoint embroidery,needlepoint
needlewoman,dressmaker
needlewood,needle-wood
needlework,needlecraft
neem,neem tree
neem tree,neem
neencephalon,neoencephalon
nefariousness,wickedness
nefazodone,Serzone
neftali ricardo reyes,Neruda
negaprion brevirostris,lemon shark
negara brunei darussalam,Brunei
negative correlation,indirect correlation
negative feedback circuit,control circuit
negative magnetic pole,negative pole
negative muon,muon
negative pole,negative magnetic pole
negative reinforcer,negative reinforcing stimulus
negative reinforcing stimulus,negative reinforcer
negative stimulation,turnoff
negativeness,negativity
negativism,negativity
negativist,defeatist
negativity,negativeness
negatron,electron
negev desert,Negev
neggram,nalidixic acid
neglect,disregard
neglectfulness,negligence
neglige,negligee
negligee,neglige
negligence,carelessness
negotiant,negotiator
negotiation,dialogue
negotiator,negotiant
negotiatress,negotiatrix
negotiatrix,negotiatress
negro peach,Sarcocephalus latifolius
negro pepper,Guinea pepper
negro race,Black race
negro spiritual,spiritual
negro vine,Vincetoxicum hirsutum
negroid race,Black race
nei monggol,Inner Mongolia
neigh,nicker
neighbor,neighbour
neighborhood,vicinity
neighborliness,neighbourliness
neighbour,neighbor
neighbourhood,vicinity
neighbourliness,neighborliness
neil armstrong,Armstrong
neil simon,Simon
neisseria gonorrhoeae,gonococcus
nelfinavir,Viracept
nell gwynn,Gwynn
nell gwynne,Gwynn
nell gywn,Gwynn
nellie bly,Seaman
nellie ross,Ross
nellie tayloe ross,Ross
nelson algren,Algren
nelson mandela,Mandela
nelson rolihlahla mandela,Mandela
nelumbo lutea,water chinquapin
nelumbo nucifera,lotus
nematode,nematode worm
nematode worm,nematode
nembutal,pentobarbital sodium
nemertean,ribbon worm
nemertina,Nemertea
nemertine,ribbon worm
nemophila aurita,fiesta flower
nemophila maculata,five-spot
nemophila menziesii,baby blue-eyes
nentsi,Nenets
nentsy,Nenets
neo jazz,modern jazz
neobiotic,neomycin
neoceratodus forsteri,Australian lungfish
neocon,neoconservative
neoconservative,neocon
neocortex,neopallium
neodymium,Nd
neoencephalon,neencephalon
neofiber alleni,round-tailed muskrat
neologism,neology
neology,neologism
neomycin,fradicin
neomys anomalus,Mediterranean water shrew
neomys fodiens,European water shrew
neon,Ne
neon induction lamp,neon lamp
neon lamp,neon induction lamp
neon tube,neon lamp
neonatal hyperbilirubinemia,hyperbilirubinemia of the newborn
neonatal intensive care unit,NICU
neonatal mortality,neonatal mortality rate
neonatal mortality rate,neonatal mortality
neonate,newborn
neopallium,neocortex
neophron percnopterus,Egyptian vulture
neophyte,newcomer
neoplasm,tumor
neosho river,Neosho
neostigmine,Prostigmin
neotoma cinerea,packrat
neotoma floridana,eastern woodrat
neotoma fuscipes,dusky-footed woodrat
nepeta cataria,catmint
nepeta hederaceae,ground ivy
nepheline,nephelite
nephelite,nepheline
nephelium lappaceum,rambutan
nephelium litchi,litchi
nephelium longana,longan
nephelium mutabile,pulasan
nephritis,Bright's disease
nephroangiosclerosis,nephrosclerosis
nephroblastoma,Wilms' tumor
nephrolepis exaltata,Boston fern
nephrolepis exaltata bostoniensis,Boston fern
nephrolepis pectinata,basket fern
nephrolith,kidney stone
nephrolithiasis,renal lithiasis
nephron,uriniferous tubule
nephropathy,kidney disease
nephrops norvegicus,Norway lobster
nephroptosia,nephroptosis
nephroptosis,nephroptosia
nephrosclerosis,nephroangiosclerosis
nephrosis,nephrotic syndrome
nephrotic syndrome,nephrosis
neptunium,Np
nerd,swot
nerita peloronta,bleeding tooth
neritid,neritid gastropod
neritid gastropod,neritid
nerium oleander,oleander
nero's crown,crape jasmine
nero claudius caesar drusus germanicus,Nero
nerodia sipedon,common water snake
nerve,nervus
nerve agent,nerve gas
nerve block anaesthesia,conduction anesthesia
nerve block anesthesia,conduction anesthesia
nerve cell,neuron
nerve center,nerve centre
nerve centre,nerve center
nerve deafness,sensorineural hearing loss
nerve end,nerve ending
nerve ending,nerve end
nerve fiber,nerve fibre
nerve fibre,nerve fiber
nerve gas,nerve agent
nerve growth factor,NGF
nerve impulse,nervous impulse
nerve pathway,tract
nerve tissue,nervous tissue
nerve tract,nerve pathway
nervelessness,coolness
nerveroot,moccasin flower
nerves,nervousness
nervii olfactorii,olfactory nerve
nervous disorder,neurological disorder
nervous exhaustion,nervous prostration
nervous impulse,nerve impulse
nervous prostration,nervous exhaustion
nervous strain,strain
nervous system,systema nervosum
nervous tissue,nerve tissue
nervousness,jitteriness
nervure,vein
nervus,nerve
nervus abducens,abducent
nervus accessorius,accessory nerve
nervus coccygeus,coccygeal nerve
nervus facialis,facial
nervus femoralis,femoral nerve
nervus glossopharyngeus,glossopharyngeal nerve
nervus hypoglosus,hypoglossal
nervus ischiadicus,sciatic nerve
nervus oculomotorius,oculomotor
nervus opticus,optic nerve
nervus phrenicus,phrenic nerve
nervus radialis,radial nerve
nervus saphenus,saphenous nerve
nervus spinalis,spinal nerve
nervus trigeminus,trigeminal
nervus ulnaris,ulnar nerve
nervus vagus,vagus
nervus vestibulocochlearis,acoustic nerve
nescience,ignorantness
ness,cape
nesselrode pudding,Nesselrode
nessie,Loch Ness monster
nest egg,savings
nester,squatter
nestle,cuddle
nestling,baby bird
nestor notabilis,kea
nestor paz zamora commission,National Liberation Army
net ball,let
net income,net
net melon,netted melon
net profit,net income
net ton,short ton
nether region,Hell
netherlands guiana,Suriname
netherworld,Hell
netkeeper,goalkeeper
netminder,goalkeeper
netted melon,net melon
netting,gauze
nettle-leaved bellflower,throatwort
nettle-leaved goosefoot,nettleleaf goosefoot
nettle family,Urticaceae
nettle rash,urtication
nettle tree,hackberry
nettleleaf goosefoot,nettle-leaved goosefoot
network,web
network topology,topology
neumann,von Neumann
neural arch,vertebral arch
neural impulse,nerve impulse
neural net,neural network
neural network,neural net
neuralgia,neuralgy
neuralgy,neuralgia
neurilemma,neurolemma
neurilemoma,neurofibroma
neurofibroma,neurilemoma
neurofibromatosis,von Recklinghausen's disease
neuroglia,glia
neurogliacyte,neuroglial cell
neuroglial cell,neurogliacyte
neurohypophysis,posterior pituitary
neurolemma,neurilemma
neuroleptic,major tranquilizer
neuroleptic agent,major tranquilizer
neuroleptic drug,major tranquilizer
neurological disease,nervous disorder
neurological disorder,nervous disorder
neurologist,brain doctor
neurology,clinical neurology
neurolysin,neurotoxin
neuromuscular junction,myoneural junction
neuron,nerve cell
neurontin,gabapentin
neuropil,neuropile
neuropile,neuropil
neuropsychology,physiological psychology
neuropteran,neuropteron
neuropteron,neuropteran
neuropterous insect,neuropteron
neurosarcoma,malignant neuroma
neurosis,neuroticism
neurosurgeon,brain surgeon
neuroticism,neurosis
neurotoxin,neurolysin
neurotrichus gibbsii,American shrew mole
neutering,fixing
neutral spirits,ethyl alcohol
neutralisation,neutralization
neutralisation reaction,neutralization
neutrality,disinterest
neutralization,neutralisation
neutralization reaction,neutralization
neutrophil,neutrophile
neutrophile,neutrophil
neva river,Neva
nevado de colima,Colima
never-never,hire-purchase
never-never land,dreamland
nevil shute,Shute
nevil shute norway,Shute
neville chamberlain,Chamberlain
nevirapine,Viramune
nevoid elephantiasis,pachyderma
nevus,birthmark
nevus flammeus,port-wine stain
new ballgame,ballgame
new caledonian pine,Araucaria columnaris
new england boiled dinner,boiled dinner
new flower,Addis Ababa
new greek,Modern Greek
new hebrides,Vanuatu
new jazz,modern jazz
new jerseyite,New Jerseyan
new latin,Neo-Latin
new moon,new phase of the moon
new norwegian,Nynorsk
new phase of the moon,new moon
new scotland yard,Scotland Yard
new stone age,Neolithic Age
new style calendar,Gregorian calendar
new world,western hemisphere
new world anteater,anteater
new world coral snake,coral snake
new world leishmaniasis,mucocutaneous leishmaniasis
new year's,New Year's Day
new york aster,Michaelmas daisy
new york city,New York
new york minute,blink of an eye
new york state,New York
new york strip,strip steak
new zealand dacryberry,kahikatea
new zealand honeysuckle,rewa-rewa
new zealand islands,New Zealand
new zealand mountain pine,tarwood
new zealand white pine,kahikatea
new zealand wine berry,makomako
newbie,newcomer
newborn baby,neonate
newborn infant,neonate
newcastle-upon-tyne,Newcastle
newcomer,fledgling
newel,newel post
newel post,newel
newfoundland dog,Newfoundland
newlywed,honeymooner
newmarket,Michigan
news,intelligence
news agency,press agency
news article,news story
news bulletin,newsflash
news conference,press conference
news leak,leak
news media,journalism
news organisation,news agency
news organization,news agency
news program,news show
news reader,newsreader
news report,report
news show,news program
news story,news article
newsagent,newsdealer
newsboy,carrier
newsbreak,news bulletin
newsdealer,newsagent
newsflash,news bulletin
newsletter,newssheet
newsman,reporter
newsmonger,gossip
newspaper,paper
newspaper ad,newspaper advertisement
newspaper advertisement,newspaper ad
newspaper article,news article
newspaper clipping,clipping
newspaper column,column
newspaper headline,headline
newspaper publisher,publisher
newspaperman,correspondent
newspaperwoman,correspondent
newsperson,reporter
newsprint,newspaper
newsreader,news reader
newssheet,newsletter
newsstand operator,newsagent
newsvendor,newsagent
newsworthiness,news
newswriter,correspondent
newt,triton
newton's first law,first law of motion
newton's first law of motion,first law of motion
newton's law,Newton's law of motion
newton's law of gravitation,law of gravitation
newton's second law,second law of motion
newton's second law of motion,second law of motion
newton's theory of gravitation,theory of gravitation
newton's third law,third law of motion
newton's third law of motion,third law of motion
newtonian mechanics,classical mechanics
newtonian reflector,Newtonian telescope
nexus,link
ng,nanogram
nga,National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency
ngaio marsh,Marsh
ngb,National Guard Bureau
ngf,nerve growth factor
ngo,nongovernmental organization
ngu,nongonococcal urethritis
nguyen tat thanh,Ho Chi Minh
nh,New Hampshire
ni,nickel
ni-hard iron,Ni-hard
ni-resist iron,Ni-resist
niacin,nicotinic acid
niagara falls,Niagara
niagara river,Niagara
nib,pen nib
nibble,nybble
niblick,nine iron
nicad,nickel-cadmium accumulator
nicandra physaloides,apple of Peru
nicaraguan capital,Managua
niccolo machiavelli,Machiavelli
niccolo paganini,Paganini
niceness,politeness
nicety,justness
niche,recess
nicholas vachel lindsay,Lindsay
nick,dent
nickel,Ni
nickel-base alloy,nickel alloy
nickel-cadmium accumulator,nicad
nickel-iron accumulator,nickel-iron battery
nickel-iron battery,nickel-iron accumulator
nickel alloy,nickel-base alloy
nickel note,nickel
nickel silver,German silver
nickelodeon,jukebox
nicker,neigh
nicker nut,bonduc nut
nicker seed,bonduc nut
nicknack,bric-a-brac
nickname,moniker
nicola amati,Amati
nicola sacco,Sacco
nicolas de malebranche,Malebranche
nicolas leonard sadi carnot,Carnot
nicolas poussin,Poussin
nicolaus copernicus,Copernicus
nicolo amati,Amati
nicotiana alata,flowering tobacco
nicotiana glauca,tree tobacco
nicotiana rustica,wild tobacco
nicotiana tabacum,common tobacco
nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide,NAD
nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate,NADP
nicotinic acid,niacin
nictation,blink
nictitating membrane,third eyelid
nictitation,blink
nicu,neonatal intensive care unit
nidaros,Trondheim
nidation,implantation
niddm,type II diabetes
nidus,focus
niels abel,Abel
niels bohr,Bohr
niels henrik abel,Abel
niels henrik david bohr,Bohr
nierembergia,cupflower
nierembergia frutescens,tall cupflower
nierembergia repens,whitecup
nierembergia rivularis,whitecup
nifedipine,Procardia
niff,pong
nigella damascena,love-in-a-mist
nigella hispanica,fennel flower
nigella sativa,black caraway
niger-kordofanian language,Niger-Kordofanian
niger river,Niger
nigerian capital,Abuja
nigga,nigger
niggard,skinflint
niggardliness,meanness
niggardness,meanness
nigger,nigga
niggler,carper
night,nighttime
night-robe,nightgown
night-sight,night vision
night blindness,nyctalopia
night club,cabaret
night heron,night raven
night jasmine,night jessamine
night jessamine,night jasmine
night life,nightlife
night owl,nighthawk
night raven,night heron
night rider,nightrider
night shift,graveyard shift
night snake,Hypsiglena torquata
night vision,night-sight
night watch,graveyard watch
nightbird,night owl
nightclothes,nightwear
nightclub,cabaret
nightcrawler,earthworm
nightdress,nightgown
nightfall,twilight
nightgown,gown
nighthawk,night owl
nightie,nightgown
nightingale,Luscinia megarhynchos
nightjar,goatsucker
nightlife,night life
nightmare,incubus
nightrider,night rider
nightspot,cabaret
nightstick,truncheon
nighttime,night
nightwalker,earthworm
nightwear,sleepwear
nigra,nigger
nih,National Institutes of Health
nihau island,Nihau
nihilism,nihilistic delusion
nihilist,anarchist
nihilistic delusion,nihilism
nihility,nothingness
nihon,Japan
nij,National Institute of Justice
nikita khrushchev,Khrushchev
nikita sergeyevich khrushchev,Khrushchev
nikola tesla,Tesla
nikolaas tinbergen,Tinbergen
nikolai andreyevich rimski-korsakov,Rimsky-Korsakov
nikolai andreyevich rimsky-korsakov,Rimsky-Korsakov
nikolai ivanovich bukharin,Bukharin
nikolai ivanovich lobachevsky,Lobachevsky
nikolai lenin,Lenin
nikolai vasilievich gogol,Gogol
nil,nothing
nile crocodile,African crocodile
nile river,Nile
nilgai,nylghai
nilo-saharan language,Nilo-Saharan
nilotic language,Nilotic
nim tree,neem
nimble will,nimblewill
nimbleness,mental dexterity
nimblewill,nimble Will
nimbus,nimbus cloud
nimbus cloud,nimbus
nimiety,excess
nin-sin,ginseng
nina from carolina,nine
nincompoop,poop
nine-banded armadillo,peba
nine-spot,nine
nine iron,niblick
ninepin,skittle
ninepin ball,skittle ball
ninepins,skittles
niner,nine
nineties,1890s
ninhursag,Ninkhursag
ninib,Ninurta
ninigino-mikoto,Ninigi
ninjitsu,ninjutsu
ninjutsu,ninjitsu
ninkharsag,Ninkhursag
ninny,nincompoop
ninth cranial nerve,glossopharyngeal nerve
ninth of ab,Tishah b'Av
ninth of av,Tishah b'Av
nintoo,Nintu
niobite,columbite
niobium,Nb
niobrara river,Niobrara
nip,shot
nipa fruticans,nipa palm
nipa palm,Nipa fruticans
nipper,child
nipple,mammilla
nippon,Japan
nipr,Revolutionary Proletarian Nucleus
nirvana,enlightenment
nissan,Nisan
nist,National Institute of Standards and Technology
nisus,striving
niter,potassium nitrate
nitramine,tetryl
nitrate bacterium,nitric bacterium
nitre,potassium nitrate
nitric acid,aqua fortis
nitric bacteria,nitrobacteria
nitric bacterium,nitrate bacterium
nitril,nitrile
nitrile,nitril
nitrite bacterium,nitrous bacterium
nitrobacteria,nitric bacteria
nitrocellulose,cellulose nitrate
nitrochloroform,chloropicrin
nitrocotton,cellulose nitrate
nitrofurantoin,Macrodantin
nitrogen,N
nitrogen trichloride,Agene
nitroglycerin,nitroglycerine
nitroglycerine,nitroglycerin
nitrohydrochloric acid,aqua regia
nitrosobacteria,nitrous bacteria
nitrospan,nitroglycerin
nitrostat,nitroglycerin
nitrous bacteria,nitrosobacteria
nitrous bacterium,nitrite bacterium
nitrous oxide,laughing gas
nitty-gritty,kernel
nitweed,orange grass
nitwit,dimwit
nix,nothing
nizhni novgorod,Nizhnyi Novgorod
nj,New Jersey
njorth,Njord
nlp,natural language processing
nlrb,National Labor Relations Board
nm,nanometer
nmr,nuclear magnetic resonance
nne,north northeast
nnrti,non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor
nnw,north northwest
no-hit game,no-hitter
no-hitter,no-hit game
no-par-value stock,no-par stock
no-par stock,no-par-value stock
no-see-um,punkie
no-show,nonattender
no.,ordinal number
no fault automobile insurance,no fault insurance
no fault insurance,no fault automobile insurance
no man's land,twilight zone
noaa,National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
noachian deluge,Noah's flood
noah and the flood,Noah's flood
noah webster,Webster
noam chomsky,Chomsky
nob,toff
nobel laureate,Nobelist
nobelium,No
nobility,aristocracy
noble-mindedness,high-mindedness
noble gas,inert gas
nobleman,Lord
nobleness,nobility
noblesse,nobility
noblewoman,Lady
nobody,cipher
noctambulation,sleepwalking
noctambulism,sleepwalking
noctambulist,sleepwalker
noctiluca,Noctiluca miliaris
noctiluca miliaris,noctiluca
noctuid,noctuid moth
noctuid moth,noctuid
nocturia,nycturia
nocturne,notturno
nodal rhythm,atrioventricular nodal rhythm
nodding groundsel,Senecio bigelovii
nodding onion,nodding wild onion
nodding thistle,musk thistle
nodding wild onion,nodding onion
node,knob
nodes of ranvier,Ranvier's nodes
nodule,tubercle
noel,Christmas
noel coward,Coward
noemi,Naomi
noesis,cognition
nog,peg
noggin,attic
noise,dissonance
noise level,background level
noise pollution,sound pollution
noisiness,racketiness
noisomeness,harmfulness
nol pros,nolle prosequi
nolina microcarpa,bear grass
nolle prosequi,nol pros
nolo contendere,non vult
nom de guerre,pseudonym
nom de plume,pen name
nomenclature,terminology
nomia,genus Nomia
nominal aphasia,anomic aphasia
nominal head,front man
nominal phrase,noun phrase
nominal value,par value
nominating address,nominating speech
nominating speech,nominating address
nomination,nominating speech
nominative case,nominative
nominee,campaigner
nomogram,nomograph
nomograph,nomogram
non-christian priest,priest
non-engagement,nonparticipation
non-insulin-dependent diabetes,type II diabetes
non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus,type II diabetes
non-involvement,non-engagement
non-ionic detergent,anionic detergent
non-issue,dead letter
non-jew,gentile
non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor,NNRTI
non-proliferation,nonproliferation
non-resistant,passive resister
non-ugric,Fennic
non-volatile storage,nonvolatile storage
non pros,non prosequitur
non prosequitur,non pros
non vult,nolo contendere
nonacceptance,turndown
nonaccomplishment,nonachievement
nonachievement,nonaccomplishment
nonachiever,underachiever
nonage,minority
nonalignment,nonalinement
nonalinement,nonalignment
nonattender,no-show
nonbeliever,disbeliever
nonce,time being
nonce word,hapax legomenon
nonchalance,unconcern
noncitizen,foreigner
noncoding dna,intron
noncom,noncommissioned officer
noncommissioned officer,noncom
noncompliance,disobedience
nonconductor,insulator
nonconformance,nonconformity
nonconformism,nonconformity
nonconformity,nonconformism
nondirectional antenna,omnidirectional antenna
nondiscretionary trust,fixed investment trust
nondrinker,abstainer
nonentity,nonexistence
nones,none
nonesuch,ideal
nonesuch clover,black medick
nonexistence,nonentity
nonfiction,nonfictional prose
nonfictional prose,nonfiction
nonflowering plant,pteridophyte
nonfluent aphasia,motor aphasia
nongonococcal urethritis,NGU
nongovernmental organization,NGO
nonindulgence,austerity
noninterference,nonintervention
nonintervention,noninterference
nonlinear correlation,curvilinear correlation
nonlinear distortion,amplitude distortion
nonmalignant neoplasm,benign tumor
nonmalignant tumor,benign tumor
nonmalignant tumour,benign tumor
nonparametric statistic,distribution free statistic
nonparametric statistics,nonparametric statistic
nonparticipation,non-engagement
nonparticulate radiation,electromagnetic radiation
nonpartisanship,impartiality
nonpayment,default
nonperformance,negligence
nonperson,unperson
nonprofit organization,nonprofit
nonproliferation,non-proliferation
nonrapid eye movement,orthodox sleep
nonrapid eye movement sleep,orthodox sleep
nonreader,illiterate
nonremittal,default
nonrestrictive clause,descriptive clause
nonsense verse,amphigory
nonsensicality,nonsense
nonsmoker,nonsmoking car
nonsmoking car,nonsmoker
nonsocial infection,cross infection
nonsolid color,nonsolid colour
nonsolid colour,nonsolid color
nonspecific urethritis,NSU
nonstarter,failure
nonsteroid,nonsteroidal
nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory,nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug
nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug,nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory
nonstop flight,nonstop
nonsuch,ideal
nontextual matter,artwork
nontricyclic,nontricyclic drug
nontricyclic antidepressant,nontricyclic
nontricyclic antidepressant drug,nontricyclic
nontricyclic drug,nontricyclic
nonvascular plant,bryophyte
nonviolence,passive resistance
nonviolent resistance,passive resistance
nonvolatile storage,non-volatile storage
noodle,attic
nook,corner
nook and cranny,nooks and crannies
nookie,fuck
nooks and crannies,nook and cranny
nooky,fuck
noon,twelve noon
noonday,noon
noontide,noon
noose,snare
nootka cypress,yellow cypress
nopal,Opuntia lindheimeri
noradrenaline,norepinephrine
norbert wiener,Wiener
noreaster,northeaster
noreg,Norway
norepinephrine,noradrenaline
norethandrolone,norethindrone
norethindrone,norethindrone acetate
norethindrone acetate,norethindrone
norflex,orphenadrine
norfolk island pine,Araucaria heterophylla
norfolk wherry,wherry
norge,Norway
norlutin,norethindrone
norm,average
norma jean baker,Monroe
normal curve,bell-shaped curve
normal distribution,Gaussian distribution
normal dwarf,primordial dwarf
normal fault,gravity fault
normal school,teachers college
normalcy,normality
normalisation,standardization
normaliser,normalizer
normality,normalcy
normalization,standardization
normalizer,normaliser
norman french,Norman-French
norman jewison,Jewison
norman mailer,Mailer
norman mattoon thomas,Thomas
norman rockwell,Rockwell
norman thomas,Thomas
normandy,Normandie
normodyne,labetalol
norseman,Norwegian
north-seeking pole,positive pole
north american nation,North American country
north borneo,Sabah
north by east,NbE
north by west,NbW
north frigid zone,Arctic
north germanic,Scandinavian
north germanic language,Scandinavian
north island edelweiss,Leucogenes leontopodium
north northeast,nor'-nor'-east
north northwest,nor'-nor'-west
north platte river,North Platte
north star,Polaris
north star state,Minnesota
north wind,northerly
northeast by east,NEbE
northeast by north,NEbN
northeaster,noreaster
northeastern united states,Northeast
norther,north wind
northern baptist convention,American Baptist Convention
northern barramundi,Australian bonytongue
northern beech fern,long beech fern
northern bobwhite,Colinus virginianus
northern bog lemming,Synaptomys borealis
northern casque-headed frog,lowland burrowing treefrog
northern cricket frog,Acris crepitans
northern dune tansy,Tanacetum douglasii
northern flying squirrel,Glaucomys sabrinus
northern harrier,marsh hawk
northern holly fern,Polystichum lonchitis
northern lights,aurora borealis
northern lobster,American lobster
northern mammoth,woolly mammoth
northern mariana islands,Northern Marianas
northern oak fern,limestone fern
northern oriole,Icterus galbula
northern parula,parula warbler
northern phalarope,Lobipes lobatus
northern pike,Esox lucius
northern pin oak,jack oak
northern pitch pine,pitch pine
northern pocket gopher,Thomomys talpoides
northern porgy,scup
northern red oak,Quercus rubra
northern rhodesia,Zambia
northern scup,scup
northern sea robin,Prionotus carolinus
northern shrike,Lanius borealis
northern snow bedstraw,Northern bedstraw
northern storm petrel,stormy petrel
northern white cedar,American arborvitae
northern whiting,Menticirrhus saxatilis
northern woodsia,Alpine woodsia
northman,Scandinavian
northrop frye,Frye
northwest by north,NWbN
northwest by west,NWbW
northwest wind,northwester
northwester,northwest wind
northwestern united states,Northwest
nortriptyline,Pamelor
norvasc,amlodipine besylate
norvir,ritonavir
norway rat,brown rat
nose,olfactory organ
nose candy,coke
nose cone,ogive
nose count,census
nose dive,dive
nose drops,big H
nose job,rhinoplasty
nosebag,feedbag
noseband,nosepiece
nosebleed,epistaxis
nosecount,census
nosedive,dive
nosegay,bouquet
nosepiece,noseband
nosey-parker,busybody
nosher,snacker
nosiness,prying
nosology,diagnostics
nostril,anterior naris
nostrum,panacea
nosy-parker,busybody
not-for-profit,nonprofit organization
nota bene,NB
notability,luminary
notary,notary public
notary public,notary
notation,notational system
notational system,notation
notch,pass
note,short letter
note of hand,note
note value,value
notebook,notebook computer
notebook computer,notebook
notecase,wallet
notechis scutatus,tiger snake
notemigonus crysoleucas,golden shiner
nothingness,void
nothings,nothing
nothofagus cuninghamii,myrtle beech
nothofagus dombeyi,Coigue
nothofagus menziesii,silver beech
nothofagus obliqua,roble beech
nothofagus procera,rauli beech
nothofagus solanderi,black beech
nothofagus truncata,hard beech
notice,observation
notice board,bulletin board
noticeability,obviousness
noticeableness,obviousness
notification,presentment
notion,impression
notonecta undulata,backswimmer
notophthalmus viridescens,red eft
notoriety,ill fame
notornis,takahe
notornis mantelli,notornis
notoryctus typhlops,pouched mole
notropis atherinoides,emerald shiner
notropis cornutus,common shiner
notturno,nocturne
nought,zero
noughts and crosses,ticktacktoe
noumenon,thing-in-itself
noun phrase,nominal phrase
nourishment,nutriment
nous,mind
nouvelle vague,New Wave
nov,November
nova lisboa,Huambo
nova lox,Nova Scotia lox
nova salmon,Nova Scotia lox
nova scotia salmon,Nova Scotia lox
nova style salmon,Nova Scotia lox
nova zembla,Novaya Zemlya
novelette,novella
novelisation,novelization
novelization,novelisation
novella,novelette
novelty,freshness
novelty shop,gift shop
november 1,All Saints' Day
november 11,Veterans Day
november 2,All Souls' Day
novice,novitiate
noviciate,novitiate
novitiate,noviciate
novocain,procaine hydrochloride
novocaine,procaine hydrochloride
nowness,presentness
nowrooz,Noruz
nowruz,Noruz
noxiousness,harmfulness
nozzle,nose
np,neptunium
npa,New People's Army
npc,Nonproliferation Center
nra,National Rifle Association
nrc,Nuclear Regulatory Commission
nrem,orthodox sleep
nrem sleep,orthodox sleep
nrl,Naval Research Laboratory
nrna,nuclear RNA
nro,National Reconnaissance Office
nrti,nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor
nsa,National Security Agency
nsaid,nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory
nsc,National Security Council
nsf,National Science Foundation
nsu,nonspecific urethritis
nsw,Naval Special Warfare
nswc,Naval Surface Warfare Center
nt,National Trust
ntis,National Technical Information Service
nuance,nicety
nub,nubble
nubbiness,coarseness
nubble,nub
nucha,nape
nucifraga caryocatactes,common nutcracker
nucifraga columbiana,Clark's nutcracker
nuclear-powered submarine,nautilus
nuclear chemist,radiochemist
nuclear chemistry,radiochemistry
nuclear energy,atomic energy
nuclear explosion,atomic explosion
nuclear family,conjugal family
nuclear fission,fission
nuclear fusion,fusion
nuclear fusion reaction,fusion
nuclear magnetic resonance,NMR
nuclear meltdown,meltdown
nuclear physics,atomic physics
nuclear power,atomic power
nuclear reactor,reactor
nuclear submarine,nautilus
nuclear transplantation,somatic cell nuclear transplantation
nuclear warhead,atomic warhead
nuclear weapon,atomic weapon
nucleolar organiser,nucleolus organizer
nucleolar organizer,nucleolus organizer
nucleole,nucleolus
nucleolus,nucleole
nucleolus organiser,nucleolus organizer
nucleolus organizer,nucleolus organiser
nucleon number,mass number
nucleonics,nuclear physics
nucleoplasm,karyoplasm
nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor,NRTI
nucleotide,base
nucleus,cell nucleus
nucleus niger,substantia nigra
nude painting,nude
nude person,nude
nude sculpture,nude
nude statue,nude
nudeness,nakedness
nudge,jog
nudibranch,sea slug
nudism,naturism
nudist,naturist
nudity,nakedness
nudnick,nudnik
nudnik,nudnick
nuisance,pain
nuisance abatement,abatement of a nuisance
nuisance tax,sales tax
nuisance value,awkwardness
nuke,atomic warhead
nullification,override
nullifier,invalidator
nullity,nothingness
numbat,banded anteater
number,figure
number 1,first
number one,first
number one wood,driver
number representation system,numeration system
number system,numeration system
numbering,enumeration
numberplate,license plate
numbers game,numbers pool
numbers pool,numbers game
numbers racket,numbers pool
numbfish,electric ray
numbness,apathy
numdah,numdah rug
numdah rug,numdah
numenius arquata,European curlew
numenius borealis,Eskimo curlew
numeration,count
numeration system,number system
numerical value,absolute value
numerosity,numerousness
numerousness,numerosity
numida meleagris,guinea fowl
numidinae,Numididae
numismatics,numismatology
numismatist,numismatologist
numismatologist,numismatist
numismatology,numismatics
numskull,dunce
nun,conical buoy
nun buoy,conical buoy
nunc dimittis,Canticle of Simeon
nuncio,papal nuncio
nuphar advena,spatterdock
nuphar lutea,yellow water lily
nuphar sagittifolium,southern spatterdock
nuprin,ibuprofen
nuptials,wedding
nurnberg,Nuremberg
nurse,nanny
nurse's aide,nursing aide
nurse clinician,nurse practitioner
nurse practitioner,NP
nurse shark,Ginglymostoma cirratum
nurseling,nursling
nursemaid,nanny
nursery,baby's room
nurseryman,gardener
nursing,breast feeding
nursing aide,nurse's aide
nursing bottle,bottle
nursing home,home
nursing school,school of nursing
nursling,nurseling
nurture,raising
nusa tenggara,Lesser Sunda Islands
nut-leaved screw tree,Helicteres isora
nut case,crackpot
nut grass,nutgrass
nut house,Bedlam
nut sedge,nutgrass
nutcase,crazy
nutcracker,nuthatch
nutgrass,nut grass
nuthatch,nutcracker
nuthouse,Bedlam
nutmeg,nutmeg tree
nutmeg-yew,California nutmeg
nutmeg family,Myristicaceae
nutmeg flower,black caraway
nutmeg geranium,apple geranium
nutmeg hickory,Carya myristicaeformis
nutmeg melon,net melon
nutmeg state,Connecticut
nutmeg tree,nutmeg
nutria,coypu
nutrient agar,agar
nutrient artery,arteria nutricia
nutriment,nourishment
nutrition,nutriment
nutritionist,dietician
nutritionist's calorie,Calorie
nutritiousness,nutritiveness
nutritiveness,nutritiousness
nutsedge,nutgrass
nuttall's oak,Nuttall oak
nutter,wacko
nuwc,Naval Underwater Warfare Center
nuytsia floribunda,flame tree
nv,Nevada
nw,northwest
nwbn,northwest by north
nwbw,northwest by west
ny,New York
nyasaland,Malawi
nybble,nibble
nyctaginia capitata,scarlet musk flower
nyctalopia,night blindness
nyctanassa violacea,yellow-crowned night heron
nyctereutes procyonides,raccoon dog
nycticebus pygmaeus,slow loris
nycticebus tardigradua,slow loris
nycticorax nycticorax,black-crowned night heron
nycturia,nocturia
nydrazid,isoniazid
nylghai,nilgai
nylghau,nilgai
nylon stocking,nylons
nylons,nylon stocking
nymph,houri
nymphaea alba,European white lily
nymphaea caerulea,blue lotus
nymphaea lotus,lotus
nymphaea odorata,water nymph
nymphaea stellata,blue lotus
nymphalid,nymphalid butterfly
nymphalid butterfly,nymphalid
nymphalis antiopa,mourning cloak
nymphicus hollandicus,cockateel
nympho,nymphomaniac
nypa,Nipa
nyse,New York Stock Exchange
nyssa aquatica,water gum
nyssa sylvatica,sour gum
nystan,nystatin
nystatin,Mycostatin
o,oxygen
o. henry,Porter
o.e.d.,Oxford English Dictionary
o level,General Certificate of Secondary Education
oaf,lout
oahu island,Oahu
oak,oak tree
oak-leaved goosefoot,oakleaf goosefoot
oak fern,Gymnocarpium dryopteris
oak tree,oak
oakleaf goosefoot,oak-leaved goosefoot
oarfish,king of the herring
oarlock,peg
oarsman,rower
oas,Organization of American States
oasis,haven
oat cell carcinoma,small cell carcinoma
oath,curse
oatmeal,burgoo
oaxaca de juarez,Oaxaca
ob river,Ob
obbligato,obligato
obduracy,adamance
obeah,obi
obeche,obechi
obechi,obeche
obedience,obeisance
obedience plant,arrowroot
obedient plant,false dragonhead
obeisance,bow
obelisk,dagger
obesity,fleshiness
obesity diet,reducing diet
obfuscation,bewilderment
obi,obeah
obit,obituary
obiter dictum,passing comment
obituary,obit
object,physical object
object-oriented programing,object-oriented programming
object-oriented programing language,object-oriented programming language
object-oriented programming,object-oriented programing
object-oriented programming language,object-oriented programing language
object glass,objective
object language,target language
object lens,objective
object lesson,example
object of a preposition,prepositional object
object of the verb,direct object
object program,target program
objection,expostulation
objectionableness,hatefulness
objective case,accusative
objective lens,objective
objectiveness,objectivity
objectivity,objectiveness
objector,dissenter
objet d'art,art object
objurgation,chiding
oblateness,ellipticity
oblation,offering
obligation,duty
obligato,obbligato
obliger,accommodator
obligingness,complaisance
oblique case,oblique
oblique vein of the left atrium,vena obliqua atrii sinistri
obliqueness,deviousness
obliquity,asynclitism
obliteration,annihilation
oblivion,limbo
obliviousness,oblivion
oblong woodsia,rusty woodsia
oblongness,rectangularity
obloquy,opprobrium
obnoxiousness,hatefulness
oboe,hautboy
obscenity,lewdness
obscureness,humbleness
obscurity,obscureness
obsequiousness,servility
observance,observation
observation,observance
observation post,lookout
observation tower,lookout
observatory,lookout
observer,perceiver
obsession,compulsion
obsessiveness,obsessivity
obsessivity,obsessiveness
obsoleteness,superannuation
obstacle,obstruction
obstetrical delivery,delivery
obstetrical toad,midwife toad
obstetrician,accoucheur
obstetrics,OB
obstinacy,stubbornness
obstinance,stubbornness
obstructer,obstructionist
obstruction,obstructor
obstructionist,obstructor
obstructor,obstructionist
obtainment,obtention
obtention,obtainment
obturator vein,vena obturatoria
obtuse-angled triangle,obtuse triangle
obtuse triangle,obtuse-angled triangle
obtuseness,dullness
obviation,forestalling
obviousness,noticeability
oca,oka
ocarina,sweet potato
occasion,juncture
occasions,juncture
occident,West
occipital cortex,occipital lobe
occipital lobe,occipital cortex
occipital vein,vena occipitalis
occitan,Provencal
occluded front,occlusion
occlusion,occluded front
occult arts,occult
occultation,eclipse
occupancy,tenancy
occupant,resident
occupation,business
occupation licence,occupation license
occupation license,occupation licence
occupational disease,industrial disease
occupational group,vocation
occupational safety and health act,federal job safety law
occupier,resident
occurrence,happening
ocean,sea
ocean bottom,ocean floor
ocean floor,sea floor
ocean liner,liner
ocean perch,redfish
ocean pout,Macrozoarces americanus
ocean state,Rhode Island
ocean sunfish,sunfish
ocean trip,voyage
oceanaut,aquanaut
oceanic abyss,trench
oceanic bird,pelagic bird
oceanic bonito,bonito
oceanic whitetip shark,whitetip shark
oceanica,Oceania
oceanites oceanicus,Mother Carey's chicken
oceanography,oceanology
oceanology,oceanography
ocellated turkey,Agriocharis ocellata
ocellus,simple eye
ocelot,panther cat
ochlocracy,mobocracy
ochna family,Ochnaceae
ochna serrulata,bird's-eye bush
ochotona collaris,collared pika
ochotona princeps,little chief hare
ochroma lagopus,balsa
ocimum basilicum,common basil
ockham,Occam
ockham's razor,Occam's Razor
oconee bells,Shortia galacifolia
ocotillo,coachwhip
oct,October
octad,eight
octadecanoic acid,stearic acid
octal number system,octal numeration system
octal numeration system,octal number system
octane number,octane rating
octane rating,octane number
octanedioic acid,suberic acid
octave,musical octave
octavian,Augustus
octavo,eightvo
octet,eight
octette,octet
october 12,Columbus Day
october 24,United Nations Day
october revolution,Russian Revolution
octoberfest,Oktoberfest
octonary,eight
octopus,devilfish
ocular muscle,eye muscle
oculist,optometrist
oculomotor,oculomotor nerve
oculomotor nerve,oculomotor
oculus,eye
oculus dexter,OD
oculus sinister,OS
ocyurus chrysurus,yellowtail
od,Doctor of Optometry
odd-even check,parity check
odd-job man,handyman
odd-toed ungulate,perissodactyl
odd fellow,kook
odd fish,kook
odd hassel,Hassel
odd man out,kook
oddball,eccentric
oddity,oddness
oddment,end
oddments,odds and ends
oddness,oddity
oddone colonna,Martin V
odds,betting odds
odds-maker,handicapper
odds and ends,oddments
oder river,Oder
odesa,Odessa
odiousness,offensiveness
odium,abhorrence
odo,Urban II
odo of lagery,Urban II
odobenus divergens,Pacific walrus
odobenus rosmarus,Atlantic walrus
odocoileus hemionus,mule deer
odocoileus hemionus columbianus,black-tailed deer
odocoileus virginianus,Virginia deer
odometer,hodometer
odontalgia,toothache
odontaspididae,Carchariidae
odontaspis,Carcharias
odontaspis taurus,sand tiger
odontiasis,teething
odontology,dentistry
odor,olfactory property
odour,smell
odovacar,Odoacer
odovakar,Odoacer
oecanthus fultoni,snowy tree cricket
oecumenism,ecumenism
oed,Oxford English Dictionary
oedema,edema
oedipal complex,Oedipus complex
oedipus rex,Oedipus
oenanthe aquatica,water fennel
oenanthe crocata,water dropwort
oengus,Angus Og
oenologist,enologist
oenology,enology
oenophile,enophile
oenothera biennis,common evening primrose
oenothera fruticosa,sundrops
oenothera macrocarpa,Missouri primrose
oesophageal reflux,gastroesophageal reflux
oesophageal veins,esophageal veins
oesophagitis,esophagitis
oesophagogastric junction,esophagogastric junction
oesophagoscope,esophagoscope
oesophagus,esophagus
oesterreich,Austria
oestradiol,estradiol
oestriol,estriol
oestrogen,estrogen
oestrone,estrone
oestrus,estrus
oestrus ovis,sheep botfly
oeuvre,work
off-axis reflector,Herschelian telescope
off-licence,package store
off-line equipment,auxiliary equipment
off-line operation,auxiliary operation
off-roader,mountain bike
off-speed pitch,change-up
offence,offense
offender,wrongdoer
offense,discourtesy
offensive activity,discourtesy
offensiveness,odiousness
offer,offering
offerer,offeror
offering,offer
offeror,offerer
office,business office
office block,office building
office building,office block
office staff,office
officeholder,officer
officer,military officer
official document,legal document
official emissary,legate
officialdom,government officials
officiating,umpirage
officiation,umpirage
officiousness,intrusiveness
offprint,reprint
offset,beginning
offset printing,offset
offsetting balance,compensating balance
offshoot,outgrowth
offshore rig,drilling platform
offspring,progeny
oftenness,frequency
ogalala,Oglala
ogden nash,Nash
ogdoad,eight
ogee,cyma reversa
ogee arch,keel arch
ogive,nose cone
ogre,monster
oh,Ohio
ohio river,Ohio
ohmic resistance,electric resistance
oig,Office of Inspector General
oil,oil color
oil-rich seed,oilseed
oil burner,oil furnace
oil business,oil industry
oil color,oil
oil colour,oil
oil furnace,oil burner
oil future,petroleum future
oil geologist,petroleum geologist
oil heater,oilstove
oil industry,refining industry
oil lamp,kerosene lamp
oil nut,buffalo nut
oil of cloves,clove oil
oil of turpentine,turpentine
oil of vitriol,vitriol
oil of wintergreen,wintergreen oil
oil production,boring
oil refinery,petroleum refinery
oil rig,drill rig
oil rigger,rigger
oil tanker,oiler
oil well,oiler
oilbird,guacharo
oiler,oil well
oilfish,Ruvettus pretiosus
oiliness,greasiness
oilrig,drill rig
oilseed,oil-rich seed
oilskin,slicker
oilstove,oil heater
oink,grunt
ointment,unction
ois,Office of Intelligence Support
ojibway,Ojibwa
oka,oca
okapi,Okapia johnstoni
okapia johnstoni,okapi
okeechobee waterway,Cross-Florida Waterway
okeh,O.K.
okenfuss,Oken
okey,O.K.
okinawa campaign,Okinawa
okra,gumbo
okra plant,okra
ola,olla
olav ii,Olaf II
old-age pension,retirement pension
old-field toadflax,blue toadflax
old-maid's bonnet,wild lupine
old-man-of-the-woods,Strobilomyces floccopus
old-timer,veteran
old age,years
old bag,bag
old boy,old man
old bulgarian,Old Church Slavonic
old bullion,Benton
old church slavic,Old Church Slavonic
old codger,codger
old colony,Massachusetts
old delhi,Delhi
old dominion,Virginia
old dominion state,Virginia
old geezer,old-timer
old glory,American flag
old growth,virgin forest
old hand,veteran
old hickory,Jackson
old ironsides,Constitution
old line state,Maryland
old maid,spinster
old maid flower,zinnia
old man,greybeard
old man's beard,Spanish moss
old man of the mountain,alpine sunflower
old money,silver spoon
old nick,Satan
old north french,Norman-French
old north state,North Carolina
old person,oldster
old salt,mariner
old sledge,seven-up
old squaw,oldwife
old stager,veteran
old style,old style font
old style calendar,Julian calendar
old style font,old style
old times,auld langsyne
old witch grass,witchgrass
old witchgrass,witchgrass
old woman,dusty miller
old world coral snake,coral snake
old world leishmaniasis,cutaneous leishmaniasis
old world mistletoe,mistletoe
old world rabbit,European rabbit
old world robin,robin
oldie,golden oldie
oldster,old person
oldtimer,veteran
oldwench,queen triggerfish
oldwife,queen triggerfish
olea cunninghamii,black maire
olea europaea,olive
olea lanceolata,white maire
oleaginousness,greasiness
oleander,rose bay
oleander fern,Oleandra neriiformis
oleandra mollis,oleander fern
oleandra neriiformis,oleander fern
olearia argophylla,muskwood
olearia haastii,New Zealand daisybush
oleaster family,Elaeagnaceae
olecranon,olecranon process
olecranon process,olecranon
oled,organic light-emitting diode
olefin,alkene
olefine,alkene
olein,triolein
oleo,margarine
oleomargarine,margarine
olfaction,smell
olfactory brain,rhinencephalon
olfactory impairment,dysosmia
olfactory modality,smell
olfactory nerve,nervii olfactorii
olfactory organ,nose
olfactory perception,smell
olfactory property,smell
olfactory sensation,smell
olfersia cervina,hart's-tongue
olga korbut,Korbut
olibanum,frankincense
oligocene epoch,Oligocene
oligochaete,oligochaete worm
oligochaete worm,oligochaete
oligoclase,plagioclase
oligodendria,oligodendroglia
oligodendroglia,oligodendria
olimbos,Olympus
olive-drab uniform,olive drab
olive-green,olive green
olive-tree agaric,Pleurotus phosphoreus
olive branch,peace offering
olive drab,drab
olive family,Oleaceae
olive green,olive-green
olive ridley,Pacific ridley
oliver cromwell,Cromwell
oliver ellsworth,Ellsworth
oliver goldsmith,Goldsmith
oliver hardy,Hardy
oliver hazard perry,Perry
oliver heaviside,Heaviside
oliver stone,Stone
oliver wendell holmes,Holmes
oliver wendell holmes jr.,Holmes
olla,ola
olla podrida,Spanish burgoo
olm,Proteus anguinus
olympic god,Olympian
olympic salamander,Rhyacotriton olympicus
olympics,Olympic Games
omani rial,riyal-omani
omar bradley,Bradley
omar nelson bradley,Bradley
omasum,psalterium
omayyad,Umayyad
omb,Office of Management and Budget
ombu,bella sombra
omega,Z
omega-3,omega-3 fatty acid
omega-3 fatty acid,omega-3
omega-6,omega-6 fatty acid
omega-6 fatty acid,omega-6
omelet,omelette
omelet pan,omelette pan
omelette,omelet
omelette pan,omelet pan
omen,portent
omental bursa,bursa omentalis
omeprazole,Prilosec
omission,skip
ommiad,Umayyad
omnidirectional antenna,nondirectional antenna
omnidirectional radio range,omnirange
omnidirectional range,omnirange
omnipresence,ubiquity
omnirange,omnidirectional range
omnium-gatherum,odds and ends
omomyid group,Omomyid
omphalocele,umbilical hernia
omphalos,navel
omphaloskepsis,navel-gazing
omphalotus illudens,jack-o-lantern fungus
omphalus,navel
on-line database,electronic database
on-off switch,toggle switch
on/off switch,toggle switch
on the qui vive,alertness
on the road,on tour
on tour,on the road
onager,catapult
onanism,masturbation
onanist,masturbator
once-over,look-over
onchocerciasis,river blindness
oncidium,dancing lady orchid
oncidium papilio,Psychopsis papilio
oncidium papilio kramerianum,Psychopsis krameriana
oncogene,transforming gene
oncorhynchus keta,chum salmon
oncorhynchus kisutch,coho
oncorhynchus nerka,sockeye
oncorhynchus tshawytscha,chinook
oncovin,vincristine
ondatra zibethica,muskrat
one-armed bandit,slot
one-billionth,billionth
one-dimensionality,linearity
one-eighth,eighth
one-fifth,fifth
one-flowered pyrola,one-flowered wintergreen
one-flowered wintergreen,one-flowered pyrola
one-fourth,fourth
one-half,half
one-hitter,1-hitter
one-hundredth,hundredth
one-man rule,dictatorship
one-millionth,millionth
one-ninth,ninth
one-quadrillionth,quadrillionth
one-quarter,one-fourth
one-quintillionth,quintillionth
one-seventh,seventh
one-sixteenth,sixteenth
one-sixth,sixth
one-sixtieth,sixtieth
one-sixty-fourth,sixty-fourth
one-ten-thousandth,ten-thousandth
one-tenth,tenth
one-third,third
one-thirty-second,thirty-second
one-thousandth,thousandth
one-trillionth,trillionth
one-twelfth,twelfth
one-way light time,OWLT
one c,hundred
one dollar bill,dollar
one iron,driving iron
one million million,trillion
one million million million,trillion
one percent,one-hundredth
one shot,round
one thousand million,billion
one thousand thousand,million
onega,Lake Onega
oneirism,reverie
oneness,unity
onerousness,burdensomeness
oni,Office of Naval Intelligence
onion,onion plant
onion louse,onion thrips
onion mildew,Peronospora destructor
onion plant,onion
onion smut,Urocystis cepulae
onion stem,Lepiota cepaestipes
onion thrips,onion louse
onionskin,flimsy
onlooker,looker-on
onobrychis viciaefolia,sainfoin
onobrychis viciifolia,sainfoin
onoclea sensibilis,sensitive fern
onoclea struthiopteris,ostrich fern
ononis repens,restharrow
ononis spinosa,restharrow
onopordon,Onopordum
onopordon acanthium,cotton thistle
onopordum acanthium,cotton thistle
onrush,attack
onset,oncoming
onslaught,attack
ontario,Lake Ontario
ontogenesis,growth
ontogeny,growth
onus,burden
onward motion,progress
onychophoran,velvet worm
onyx marble,alabaster
onyxis,ingrown toenail
oodles,tons
oom paul kruger,Kruger
oomph,sex appeal
oophorectomy,ovariectomy
ooze,sludge
opacity,opaqueness
opah,moonfish
opal glass,milk glass
opalescence,iridescence
opaqueness,opacity
opcw,Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons
opec,Organization of Petroleum-Exporting Countries
open-air market,open-air marketplace
open-air marketplace,open-air market
open-angle glaucoma,chronic glaucoma
open-class word,content word
open-door policy,open door
open-end credit,revolving credit
open-end fund,mutual fund
open-end investment company,mutual fund
open-end wrench,tappet wrench
open-face sandwich,open sandwich
open account,credit account
open air,outdoors
open door,open-door policy
open fireplace,fireplace
open fracture,compound fracture
open frame,break
open interval,unbounded interval
open sandwich,open-face sandwich
opencast mining,strip mining
opener,undoer
openhandedness,munificence
opening move,first step
opening night,opening
openness,nakedness
openside plane,rabbet plane
opepe,Nauclea diderrichii
opera bouffe,comic opera
opera cloak,opera hood
opera comique,comic opera
opera glasses,binoculars
opera hat,dress hat
opera hood,opera cloak
opera house,opera
opera star,operatic star
operatic star,opera star
operating capability,performance capability
operating cost,operating expense
operating expense,operating cost
operating instructions,instruction manual
operating room,OR
operating statement,income statement
operating surgeon,surgeon
operating system,OS
operating theater,operating room
operating theatre,operating room
operation,military operation
operation code,order code
operational casualty,operational damage
operational damage,operational casualty
operations,trading operations
operator,manipulator
operetta,light opera
operoseness,laboriousness
opheodrys aestivus,rough green snake
opheodrys vernalis,smooth green snake
ophidia,Serpentes
ophidian,snake
ophiodon elongatus,lingcod
ophioglossum pendulum,ribbon fern
ophiolatry,serpent-worship
ophiophagus hannah,hamadryad
ophrys apifera,bee orchid
ophrys insectifera,fly orchid
ophrys muscifera,fly orchid
ophrys sphegodes,early spider orchid
ophthalmia,ophthalmitis
ophthalmic artery,arteria ophthalmica
ophthalmic vein,vena ophthalmica
ophthalmitis,ophthalmia
ophthalmologist,eye doctor
opiliones,Phalangida
opinion,sentiment
opinion poll,poll
opisthocomus hoazin,hoatzin
opium addict,opium taker
opium poppy,Papaver somniferum
opium taker,opium addict
oporto,Porto
opossum,phalanger
opossum wood,silver-bell tree
opportuneness,patness
opportunism,self-interest
opportunity,chance
opposer,adversary
opposite number,counterpart
opposite word,antonym
oppositeness,opposition
opposition,resistance
oppression,subjugation
oppressiveness,oppression
opprobrium,obloquy
opsanus tau,toadfish
opsonisation,opsonization
opsonization,opsonisation
optative mood,optative
optic axis,principal axis
optic chiasm,optic chiasma
optic chiasma,optic chiasm
optic cup,eyecup
optic disc,blind spot
optic disk,blind spot
optic nerve,nervus opticus
optic radiation,radiatio optica
optic tract,optic nerve
optical aberration,aberration
optical condenser,condenser
optical crown,crown glass
optical crown glass,optical crown
optical density,transmission density
optical disc,optical disk
optical disk,optical disc
optical fiber,glass fiber
optical fibre,optical fiber
optical flint,flint glass
optical fusion,fusion
optical lens,camera lens
optical maser,laser
optical prism,prism
optical pyrometer,pyroscope
optician,lens maker
optics,eye
optimisation,optimization
optimization,optimisation
option,alternative
optometrist,oculist
opulence,luxury
opuntia cholla,cholla
opuntia lindheimeri,nopal
opuntia tuna,tuna
opus,musical composition
opv,Sabin vaccine
or,Oregon
or gate,OR circuit
orach,orache
orache,orach
oracle,prophet
oracle of apollo,Temple of Apollo
oracle of delphi,Temple of Apollo
oradexon,dexamethasone
oral cavity,mouth
oral communication,speech
oral contraceptive,pill
oral contraceptive pill,pill
oral exam,oral
oral examination,oral
oral fissure,mouth
oral herpes,herpes labialis
oral phase,oral stage
oral poliovirus vaccine,Sabin vaccine
oral presentation,public speaking
oral roberts,Roberts
oral sex,head
oral stage,oral phase
orang,orangutan
orange-blossom orchid,Sarcochilus falcatus
orange-juice concentrate,frozen orange juice
orange balsam,jewelweed
orange bat,orange horseshoe bat
orange daisy,orange fleabane
orange fleabane,orange daisy
orange free state,Free State
orange grass,nitweed
orange hawkweed,Pilosella aurantiaca
orange horseshoe bat,orange bat
orange milkweed,butterfly weed
orange milkwort,yellow milkwort
orange peel,orange rind
orange peel fungus,Aleuria aurantia
orange pekoe,pekoe
orange red,scarlet
orange rind,orange peel
orange river,Orange
orange sneezeweed,owlclaws
orange tortrix,tortrix
orange tree,orange
orange yellow,saffron
orangeness,orange
orangutan,orang
orangutang,orangutan
orasone,prednisone
orator,speechmaker
oratorio,cantata
orb,eyeball
orb-weaver,Argiopidae
orbignya cohune,cohune palm
orbignya martiana,babassu
orbignya phalerata,babassu
orbignya spesiosa,babassu
orbit,celestial orbit
orbital cavity,eye socket
orbital motion,orbital rotation
orbital point,orbitale
orbital rotation,orbital motion
orbitale,orbital point
orbiter,satellite
orca,killer whale
orchard,grove
orchard apple tree,apple
orchard grass,cocksfoot
orchard oriole,Icterus spurius
orchestra pit,pit
orchestral bells,glockenspiel
orchestration,instrumentation
orchid,orchidaceous plant
orchid cactus,epiphyllum
orchid family,Orchidaceae
orchid tree,mountain ebony
orchidaceous plant,orchid
orchidectomy,orchiectomy
orchiectomy,orchidectomy
orchil,archil
orchis,testis
orchis mascula,male orchis
orchis papilionaceae,butterfly orchid
orchis spectabilis,showy orchis
orcinus orca,killer whale
orcus,Dis
ordeal,trial by ordeal
ordeal bean,calabar bean
ordeal tree,bushman's poison
order,order of magnitude
order-chenopodiales,Caryophyllales
order acarina,Acarina
order accipitriformes,Accipitriformes
order actinaria,Actiniaria
order actiniaria,Actiniaria
order actinomycetales,Actinomycetales
order actinomyxidia,Actinomyxidia
order aepyorniformes,Aepyorniformes
order agaricales,Agaricales
order alcyonaria,Alcyonaria
order alismales,Naiadales
order amoebida,Amoebida
order amoebina,Amoebida
order amphipoda,Amphipoda
order anacanthini,Anacanthini
order anaspida,Anaspida
order andreaeales,Andreaeales
order anguilliformes,Anguilliformes
order anoplura,Anoplura
order anostraca,Anostraca
order anseriformes,Anseriformes
order anthocerotales,Anthocerotales
order anura,Salientia
order aphyllophorales,Aphyllophorales
order aplacophora,Solenogastres
order apodes,Anguilliformes
order apodiformes,Apodiformes
order apterygiformes,Apterygiformes
order arales,Arales
order araneae,Araneae
order araneida,Araneae
order aristolochiales,Aristolochiales
order artiodactyla,Artiodactyla
order aspergillales,Eurotiales
order auriculariales,Auriculariales
order batoidei,Rajiformes
order batrachia,Salientia
order belemnoidea,Belemnoidea
order bennettitales,Bennettitales
order berycomorphi,Berycomorphi
order blastocladiales,Blastocladiales
order book,order paper
order branchiura,Branchiura
order bryales,Bryales
order campanulales,Campanulales
order caprimulgiformes,Caprimulgiformes
order carnivora,Carnivora
order caryophyllales,Caryophyllales
order casuariiformes,Casuariiformes
order casuarinales,Casuarinales
order caudata,Urodella
order cestida,Cestida
order cetacea,Cetacea
order charadriiformes,Charadriiformes
order charales,Charales
order chelonethida,Chelonethida
order chelonia,Chelonia
order chiroptera,Chiroptera
order chlorococcales,Chlorococcales
order chytridiales,Chytridiales
order ciconiiformes,Ciconiiformes
order cilioflagellata,Dinoflagellata
order coccidia,Coccidia
order code,operation code
order coleoptera,Coleoptera
order collembola,Collembola
order columbiformes,Columbiformes
order colymbiformes,Podicipitiformes
order commelinales,Xyridales
order coniferales,Coniferales
order conodonta,Conodonta
order conodontophorida,Conodonta
order coraciiformes,Coraciiformes
order cordaitales,Cordaitales
order corrodentia,Psocoptera
order crocodilia,Crocodylia
order crocodylia,Crocodylia
order cuculiformes,Cuculiformes
order cycadales,Cycadales
order cycadofilicales,Cycadofilicales
order cyclostomata,Cyclostomata
order cydippea,Cydippida
order cydippida,Cydippida
order cydippidea,Cydippida
order cypriniformes,Cypriniformes
order decapoda,Decapoda
order dermaptera,Dermaptera
order dermoptera,Dermoptera
order diapensiales,Diapensiales
order dicranales,Dicranales
order dictyoptera,Dictyoptera
order dinocerata,Dinocerata
order dinoflagellata,Dinoflagellata
order dinornithiformes,Dinornithiformes
order diptera,Diptera
order discocephali,Discocephali
order ebenales,Ebenales
order edentata,Edentata
order embiodea,Embioptera
order embioptera,Embioptera
order endomycetales,Endomycetales
order entomophthorales,Entomophthorales
order ephemerida,Ephemeroptera
order ephemeroptera,Ephemeroptera
order equisetales,Equisetales
order ericales,Ericales
order erysiphales,Erysiphales
order eubacteriales,Eubacteriales
order eubryales,Eubryales
order euphausiacea,Euphausiacea
order eurotiales,Eurotiales
order eurypterida,Eurypterida
order exocycloida,Exocycloida
order fagales,Fagales
order falconiformes,Falconiformes
order filicales,Filicales
order foraminifera,Foraminifera
order fucales,Fucales
order gadiformes,Gadiformes
order galliformes,Galliformes
order ganoidei,Ganoidei
order gaviiformes,Gaviiformes
order gentianales,Gentianales
order geophilomorpha,Geophilomorpha
order geraniales,Geraniales
order ginkgoales,Ginkgoales
order gnetales,Gnetales
order graminales,Graminales
order gregarinida,Gregarinida
order gruiformes,Gruiformes
order guttiferales,Guttiferales
order gymnophiona,Gymnophiona
order haemosporidia,Haemosporidia
order haplosporidia,Haplosporidia
order heliozoa,Heliozoa
order helotiales,Helotiales
order hemiptera,Hemiptera
order heterosomata,Heterosomata
order heterotrichales,Heterotrichales
order hymenogastrales,Hymenogastrales
order hymenoptera,Hymenoptera
order hypericales,Parietales
order hypermastigina,Hypermastigina
order hypocreales,Hypocreales
order hyracoidea,Hyracoidea
order ichthyosauria,Ichthyosauria
order ictodosauria,Ictodosauria
order insectivora,Insectivora
order insessores,Insessores
order isoetales,Isoetales
order isopoda,Isopoda
order isoptera,Isoptera
order isospondyli,Isospondyli
order juglandales,Juglandales
order jungermanniales,Jungermanniales
order lagomorpha,Lagomorpha
order laminariales,Laminariales
order lechanorales,Lechanorales
order lepidodendrales,Lepidodendrales
order lepidoptera,Lepidoptera
order lichenales,Lichenales
order liliales,Liliales
order lobata,Lobata
order loricata,Loricata
order lycoperdales,Lycoperdales
order lycopodiales,Lycopodiales
order lyginopteridales,Cycadofilicales
order madreporaria,Madreporaria
order mallophaga,Mallophaga
order malvales,Malvales
order mantophasmatodea,Mantophasmatodea
order marattiales,Marattiales
order marchantiales,Marchantiales
order marsupialia,Marsupialia
order mecoptera,Mecoptera
order moniliales,Moniliales
order monotremata,Monotremata
order mucorales,Mucorales
order musales,Musales
order myaceae,Myaceae
order mycelia sterilia,Mycelia Sterilia
order mycoplasmatales,Mycoplasmatales
order mycrosporidia,Mycrosporidia
order myricales,Myricales
order myrtales,Myrtales
order mysidacea,Mysidacea
order myxobacterales,order Myxobacteria
order myxobacteriales,order Myxobacteria
order myxosporidia,Myxosporidia
order naiadales,Naiadales
order neuroptera,Neuroptera
order nidulariales,Nidulariales
order notostraca,Notostraca
order nudibranchia,Nudibranchia
order octopoda,Octopoda
order odonata,Odonata
order oedogoniales,Oedogoniales
order of business,agenda
order of magnitude,order
order of our lady of mount carmel,Carmelite order
order of payment,draft
order of saint benedict,Benedictine order
order oleales,Oleales
order ophioglossales,Ophioglossales
order opiliones,Phalangida
order opuntiales,Opuntiales
order orchidales,Orchidales
order ornithischia,Ornithischia
order orthoptera,Orthoptera
order ostariophysi,Ostariophysi
order osteoglossiformes,Osteoglossiformes
order ostracodermi,Ostracodermi
order palmales,Palmales
order pandanales,Pandanales
order papaverales,Rhoeadales
order paper,order book
order parietales,Parietales
order passeriformes,Passeriformes
order pectinibranchia,Pectinibranchia
order pediculati,Pediculati
order pedipalpi,Pedipalpi
order pelecaniformes,Pelecaniformes
order pelycosauria,Pelycosauria
order perciformes,Perciformes
order percomorphi,Perciformes
order perissodactyla,Perissodactyla
order peronosporales,Peronosporales
order pezizales,Pezizales
order phalangida,Phalangida
order phallales,Phallales
order phasmatodea,Phasmida
order phasmida,Phasmida
order pholidota,Pholidota
order picariae,Picariae
order piciformes,Piciformes
order piperales,Piperales
order plantaginales,Plantaginales
order platyctenea,Platyctenea
order plecoptera,Plecoptera
order plectognathi,Plectognathi
order pleuronectiformes,Heterosomata
order plumbaginales,Plumbaginales
order podicipediformes,Podicipitiformes
order podicipitiformes,Podicipitiformes
order polemoniales,Polemoniales
order polygonales,Polygonales
order polymastigina,Polymastigina
order polypodiales,Filicales
order primates,Primates
order primulales,Primulales
order proboscidea,Proboscidea
order procellariiformes,Procellariiformes
order proteales,Proteales
order protura,Protura
order pseudomonadales,Pseudomonadales
order pseudoscorpiones,Chelonethida
order pseudoscorpionida,Chelonethida
order psilophytales,Psilophytales
order psilotales,Psilotales
order psittaciformes,Psittaciformes
order psocoptera,Psocoptera
order pterosauria,Pterosauria
order pulmonata,Pulmonata
order pycnogonida,Pycnogonida
order radiolaria,Radiolaria
order rajiformes,Rajiformes
order ranales,Ranales
order ranunculales,Ranales
order raptores,Raptores
order rhamnales,Rhamnales
order rheiformes,Rheiformes
order rhoeadales,Rhoeadales
order rhynchocephalia,Rhynchocephalia
order rickettsiales,Rickettsiales
order rodentia,Rodentia
order rosales,Rosales
order rubiales,Rubiales
order salicales,Salicales
order salientia,Salientia
order santalales,Santalales
order sapindales,Sapindales
order saprolegniales,Saprolegniales
order sarcosporidia,Sarcosporidia
order sarraceniales,Sarraceniales
order saurischia,Saurischia
order sauropterygia,Sauropterygia
order scandentia,Scandentia
order sclerodermatales,Sclerodermatales
order scleroparei,Scleroparei
order scorpionida,Scorpionida
order scrophulariales,Scrophulariales
order secotiales,Secotiales
order selaginellales,Selaginellales
order siluriformes,Siluriformes
order siphonaptera,Siphonaptera
order siphonophora,Siphonophora
order sirenia,Sirenia
order solenichthyes,Solenichthyes
order solenogastres,Solenogastres
order spatangoida,Spatangoida
order sphaeriales,Sphaeriales
order sphaerocarpales,Sphaerocarpales
order sphagnales,Sphagnales
order sphenisciformes,Sphenisciformes
order spirochaetales,Spirochaetales
order squamata,Squamata
order stegocephalia,Stegocephalia
order stereospondyli,Stereospondyli
order stomatopoda,Stomatopoda
order strigiformes,Strigiformes
order struthioniformes,Struthioniformes
order synentognathi,Synentognathi
order taxales,Taxales
order temnospondyli,Temnospondyli
order testacea,Testacea
order testudinata,Chelonia
order testudines,Chelonia
order tetraodontiformes,Plectognathi
order thecodontia,Thecodontia
order therapsida,Therapsida
order thymelaeales,Myrtales
order thysanoptera,Thysanoptera
order thysanura,Thysanura
order tinamiformes,Tinamiformes
order torpediniformes,Torpediniformes
order tremellales,Tremellales
order trichoptera,Trichoptera
order trogoniformes,Trogoniformes
order tuberales,Tuberales
order tubulidentata,Tubulidentata
order tulostomatales,Tulostomatales
order ulvales,Ulvales
order umbellales,Umbellales
order uredinales,Uredinales
order urodella,Urodella
order uropygi,Pedipalpi
order urticales,Urticales
order ustilaginales,Ustilaginales
order volvocales,Volvocales
order xiphosura,Xiphosura
order xyridales,Xyridales
order zeomorphi,Zeomorphi
order zygnemales,Zygnematales
order zygnematales,Zygnematales
ordered series,scale
orderer,systematizer
ordering,order
orderliness,methodicalness
ordinal number,ordinal
ordinance,regulation
ordinariness,mundaneness
ordinary bicycle,ordinary
ordinary care,due care
ordinary life insurance,whole life insurance
ordinary shares,common stock
ordination,ordering
ordnance,munition
ordnance store,munition
ordovician period,Ordovician
ordure,fecal matter
ore dressing,mineral extraction
ore processing,mineral extraction
oreamnos americanus,mountain goat
orectolobus barbatus,carpet shark
oregano,marjoram
oregon alder,red alder
oregon fir,green douglas fir
oregon holly grape,Oregon grape
oregon jargon,Chinook Jargon
oregon larch,western larch
oregon lily,Columbia tiger lily
oregon myrtle,California laurel
oregon oak,Oregon white oak
oregon pine,green douglas fir
oreide,oroide
oreo,oreo cookie
oreo cookie,oreo
oreopteris limbosperma,mountain fern
oreortyx picta palmeri,mountain quail
organ,electric organ
organ of speech,speech organ
organ pipe,pipe
organ transplant,transplant
organdie,organdy
organdy,organdie
organelle,cell organelle
organic evolution,evolution
organic fertiliser,organic
organic fertilizer,organic
organic law,fundamental law
organic light-emitting diode,OLED
organic process,biological process
organic structure,body
organisation,administration
organiser,organizer
organism,being
organization,organisation
organization of the oppressed on earth,Hizballah
organized crime,gangland
organized religion,religion
organizer,organiser
organs,variety meat
orgasm,climax
orgy,binge
oriel,oriel window
oriel window,oriel
orient,East
oriental alabaster,alabaster
oriental bittersweet,Japanese bittersweet
oriental black mushroom,shiitake
oriental bush cherry,flowering almond
oriental cherry,Japanese cherry
oriental cockroach,oriental roach
oriental garlic,garlic chive
oriental person,Oriental
oriental plane,Platanus orientalis
oriental poppy,Papaver orientale
oriental roach,oriental cockroach
oriental sore,cutaneous leishmaniasis
oriental spruce,Picea orientalis
oriental studies,Orientalism
orientation,predilection
orientation course,orientation
orifice,opening
origanum dictamnus,dittany of crete
origanum majorana,sweet marjoram
origanum vulgare,oregano
origin,beginning
origination,origin
originator,conceiver
orinasal,orinasal phone
orinasal phone,orinasal
orinase,tolbutamide
orinoco river,Orinoco
oriole,Old World oriole
oriolus oriolus,golden oriole
orison,prayer
orites excelsa,prickly ash
orlando di lasso,Lasso
orlop,orlop deck
orlop deck,orlop
orly group,Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia
ormer,sea-ear
ormosia coarctata,jumby bead
ormosia monosperma,bead tree
ormuzd,Ormazd
ornament,decoration
ornamentalist,decorator
ornamentation,decoration
ornateness,grandiosity
orneriness,cussedness
ornithischian,ornithischian dinosaur
ornithischian dinosaur,ornithischian
ornithogalum pyrenaicum,bath asparagus
ornithogalum thyrsoides,chincherinchee
ornithogalum umbellatum,starflower
ornithologist,bird watcher
ornithopod,ornithopod dinosaur
ornithopod dinosaur,ornithopod
ornithopoda,Euronithopoda
ornithopter,orthopter
ornithorhynchus anatinus,platypus
ornithosis,psittacosis
orography,orology
oroide,oreide
orology,orography
orontium aquaticum,golden club
orphanage,orphanhood
orphanhood,orphanage
orphans' asylum,orphanage
orphenadrine,Norflex
orpin,orpine
orpine,orpin
orris,Florentine iris
orrisroot,orris
orson welles,Welles
orthicon,image orthicon
orthoboric acid,boric acid
orthodontia,orthodontics
orthodontic braces,brace
orthodontics,orthodontia
orthodonture,orthodontics
orthodox catholic church,Orthodox Church
orthodox sleep,nonrapid eye movement sleep
orthoepy,pronunciation
orthogonal opposition,orthogonality
orthogonality,perpendicularity
orthography,writing system
orthomorphic projection,conformal projection
orthopaedics,orthopedics
orthopaedist,orthopedist
orthopedics,orthopaedics
orthopedist,orthopaedist
orthophosphate,phosphate
orthophosphoric acid,phosphoric acid
orthophosphorous acid,hypophosphorous acid
orthopristis chrysopterus,pigfish
orthopter,ornithopter
orthopteran,orthopterous insect
orthopteron,orthopterous insect
orthopterous insect,orthopteron
orthostatic hypotension,postural hypotension
orthotomus sutorius,tailorbird
ortilis vetula macalli,Texas chachalaca
ortolan,ortolan bunting
ortolan bunting,ortolan
orudis,ketoprofen
orudis kt,ketoprofen
orumiyeh,Urmia
oruvail,ketoprofen
orville wright,Wright
orycteropus afer,aardvark
oryctolagus cuniculus,European rabbit
oryx,pasang
oryx gazella,gemsbok
oryza sativa,cultivated rice
oryzomys palustris,rice rat
oryzopsis hymenoides,mountain rice
oryzopsis miliacea,smilo
os,osmium
os breve,short bone
os capitatum,capitate
os frontale,frontal bone
os hamatum,hamate
os hyoideum,hyoid
os ischii,ischium
os longum,long bone
os lunatum,lunate bone
os nasale,nasal
os palatinum,palatine
os pisiforme,pisiform
os pubis,pubis
os scaphoideum,scaphoid bone
os sesamoideum,sesamoid bone
os sphenoidale,sphenoid bone
os tarsi fibulare,heelbone
os temporale,temporal bone
os trapezium,trapezium
os trapezoideum,trapezoid
os triquetrum,triquetral
os zygomaticum,cheekbone
osage orange,bow wood
osage river,Osage
osama bin laden,bin Laden
oscar,Academy Award
oscar fingal o'flahertie wills wilde,Wilde
oscar hammerstein,Hammerstein
oscar hammerstein ii,Hammerstein
oscar palmer robertson,Robertson
oscar robertson,Robertson
oscar wilde,Wilde
oscheocele,oscheocoele
oscheocoele,oscheocele
oscillation,vibration
oscilloscope,scope
oscine bird,oscine
oscitance,oscitancy
oscitancy,oscitance
osculating circle,circle of curvature
osculation,kiss
osculator,kisser
osha,Occupational Safety and Health Administration
osip emilevich mandelstam,Mandelstam
osip mandelstam,Mandelstam
osmanli,Ottoman
osmanthus americanus,devilwood
osmerus eperlanus,sparling
osmerus mordax,rainbow smelt
osmiridium,iridosmine
osmitrol,mannitol
osmium,Os
osmund,flowering fern
osmunda cinnamonea,cinnamon fern
osmunda clatonia,interrupted fern
osmunda regalis,royal fern
osprey,fish hawk
osseous labyrinth,bony labyrinth
osseous tissue,bone
ossicle,bonelet
ossiculum,ossicle
ossification,conformity
osteitis deformans,Paget's disease
ostensorium,monstrance
ostentation,fanfare
ostentatiousness,ostentation
osteoarthritis,degenerative arthritis
osteoblast,bone-forming cell
osteogenic sarcoma,osteosarcoma
osteologer,osteologist
osteologist,osteologer
osteopath,osteopathist
osteopathist,osteopath
osteopetrosis,Albers-Schonberg disease
osteosarcoma,osteogenic sarcoma
osteosclerosis congenita,achondroplasia
osteostracan,cephalaspid
ostiarius,doorkeeper
ostiary,doorkeeper
ostler,stableman
ostracism,banishment
ostracod,seed shrimp
ostrea gigas,Japanese oyster
ostrich,Struthio camelus
ostrich fern,shuttlecock fern
ostrya carpinifolia,Old World hop hornbeam
ostrya virginiana,Eastern hop hornbeam
ostwald's theory of indicators,theory of indicators
ostyak-samoyed,Selkup
oswald spengler,Spengler
oswald veblen,Veblen
oswego tea,bee balm
otaheite arrowroot starch,Otaheite arrowroot
otalgia,earache
otaria byronia,South American sea lion
otc market,over-the-counter market
otc security,unlisted security
otc stock,over the counter stock
otherness,distinctness
otherworldliness,spirituality
othman i,Osman I
otho,Urban II
otho i,Otto I
otho of lagery,Urban II
otic ganglion,otoganglion
otis skinner,Skinner
otis tarda,great bustard
otitis interna,labyrinthitis
otoe,Oto
otoganglion,otic ganglion
otolaryngologist,ENT man
otolaryngology,rhinolaryngology
otologist,ear doctor
otorhinolaryngologist,ENT man
otorhinolaryngology,rhinolaryngology
otoscope,auriscope
ottar,attar
ottawa river,Outaouais
otter hound,otterhound
otter shrew,potamogale
otterhound,otter hound
ottmar mergenthaler,Mergenthaler
otto frisch,Frisch
otto fritz meyerhof,Meyerhof
otto hahn,Hahn
otto heinrich warburg,Warburg
otto jespersen,Jespersen
otto loewi,Loewi
otto meyerhof,Meyerhof
otto neumann sverdrup,Sverdrup
otto robert frisch,Frisch
otto the great,Otto I
otto von bismarck,Bismarck
otto wagner,Wagner
ottoman dynasty,Ottoman
ottoman turk,Ottoman
ottorino respighi,Respighi
otus asio,screech owl
otus scops,Old World scops owl
otus sunia,Oriental scops owl
ouachita river,Ouachita
ouija board,Ouija
ounce,troy ounce
our lady's bedstraw,yellow bedstraw
our lady's mild thistle,milk thistle
ouse river,Ouse
ousel,blackbird
ouster,ejector
ousting,ouster
out-basket,out-tray
out-migration,emigration
out-of-doors,outdoors
out-of-the-box thinking,divergent thinking
out-tray,out-basket
out of bounds,sideline
outboard motor,outboard
outboard motorboat,outboard
outbreak,eruption
outburst,effusion
outcome,result
outcrop,outcropping
outcropping,outcrop
outcry,cry
outdoor man,sporting man
outdoor sport,field sport
outdoor stage,bandstand
outer boundary,periphery
outer ear,external ear
outer garment,overgarment
outer mongolia,Mongolia
outer space,space
outerwear,overclothes
outfit,getup
outflow,escape
outgo,spending
outgoer,emigrant
outgrowth,branch
outhouse,privy
outing,excursion
outlander,foreigner
outlandishness,bizarreness
outlawry,lawlessness
outlay,spending
outlet,mercantile establishment
outline,lineation
outlook,mentality
outpost,outstation
outpouring,spring
output,end product
output signal,output
outrage,indignation
outrageousness,exorbitance
outset,beginning
outside door,exterior door
outsider,foreigner
outsider art,self-taught art
outskirt,fringe
outskirts,outskirt
outspokenness,frankness
outstation,outpost
outturn,output
outwardness,externality
ouzel,blackbird
ov,Orange Group
oval kumquat,nagami
oval window,fenestra ovalis
ovalbumin,egg white
ovalipes ocellatus,American lady crab
ovarian artery,arteria ovarica
ovarian vein,vena ovarica
ovariectomy,oophorectomy
ovation,standing ovation
oven stuffer roaster,Oven Stuffer
ovenbird,Seiurus aurocapillus
over-crowding,congestion
over-the-counter drug,over-the-counter medicine
over-the-counter market,OTC market
over-the-counter medicine,over-the-counter drug
over the counter security,unlisted security
over the counter stock,OTC stock
overabundance,surfeit
overacting,hamming
overappraisal,overestimate
overbearingness,imperiousness
overbid,overcall
overburden,overload
overcall,overbid
overcapitalisation,overcapitalization
overcapitalization,overcapitalisation
overcasting,overcast
overclothes,outerwear
overcoat,greatcoat
overcoating,overcoat
overcomer,subduer
overconfidence,certitude
overcrossing,footbridge
overcup oak,Quercus lyrata
overdraft credit,check overdraft credit
overeating,gluttony
overestimate,overestimation
overestimation,overestimate
overexploitation,overuse
overflow,flood
overgarment,outer garment
overgrowth,giantism
overhaul,inspection and repair
overhead railway,elevated railway
overindulgence,excess
overlap,convergence
overlapping,imbrication
overlay,sheathing
overlayer,sheathing
overload,overburden
overlord,master
overmuchness,overabundance
overnight bag,overnighter
overnight case,overnighter
overnighter,overnight bag
overpass,flyover
overplus,plethora
overprint,surprint
overproduction,overrun
overprotection,momism
overrating,overestimate
overreckoning,overestimate
overrefinement,distortion
override,nullification
overrun,overproduction
overseas cap,garrison cap
overseas telegram,cable
overseer,superintendent
overshielding,momism
overshoot,wave-off
oversight,inadvertence
oversimplification,simplism
overspill,overflow
overstatement,exaggeration
overstuffed chair,easy chair
oversupply,glut
overtaking,passing
overthrow,upset
overthrust fault,thrust fault
overtone,partial
overture,preliminary
overturn,upset
overuse,overexploitation
overutilisation,overexploitation
overutilization,overexploitation
overvaluation,overestimate
overwork,overworking
overworking,overwork
ovibos moschatus,musk ox
oviduct,Fallopian tube
ovimbundu,Mbundu
ovis ammon,argali
ovis aries,domestic sheep
ovis canadensis,bighorn
ovis montana dalli,Dall sheep
ovis musimon,mouflon
ovis poli,Marco Polo sheep
ovis vignei,urial
ovoflavin,vitamin B2
ovolo,thumb
ovulation method,ovulation method of family planning
ovulation method of family planning,ovulation method
ovum,egg cell
owen glendower,Glendower
owen wister,Wister
owl,bird of Minerva
owlclaws,orange sneezeweed
owlet moth,noctuid moth
owlt,one-way light time
owner,proprietor
ownership,possession
ox,wild ox
ox-eyed daisy,oxeye daisy
oxalacetate,oxaloacetate
oxalacetic acid,oxaloacetic acid
oxalic acid,ethanedioic acid
oxalis,sorrel
oxalis acetosella,common wood sorrel
oxalis caprina,goatsfoot
oxalis cernua,Bermuda buttercup
oxalis corniculata,creeping oxalis
oxalis crenata,oca
oxalis pes-caprae,Bermuda buttercup
oxalis tuberosa,oca
oxalis violacea,violet wood sorrel
oxaloacetate,oxalacetate
oxaloacetic acid,oxalacetic acid
oxandra lanceolata,lancewood
oxaprozin,Daypro
oxazepam,Serax
oxen,cattle
oxeye,heliopsis
oxeye daisy,Leucanthemum maximum
oxford gray,charcoal
oxford grey,charcoal
oxheart,heart cherry
oxheart cherry,heart cherry
oxidant,oxidizer
oxidation,oxidization
oxidation-reduction,oxidoreduction
oxidation number,oxidation state
oxidation state,oxidation number
oxidisation,oxidation
oxidiser,oxidant
oxidization,oxidation
oxidizer,oxidant
oxidizing agent,oxidant
oxidoreduction,oxidation-reduction
oxlip,paigle
oxtongue,bristly oxtongue
oxyacid,oxygen acid
oxybenzene,carbolic acid
oxybutyric acid,hydroxybutyric acid
oxycephaly,acrocephaly
oxydendrum arboreum,sorrel tree
oxygen,O
oxygen acid,oxyacid
oxyhaemoglobin,oxyhemoglobin
oxyhemoglobin,oxyhaemoglobin
oxylebius pictus,painted greenling
oxyphenbutazone,Tandearil
oxyphencyclimine,Daricon
oxytetracycline,hydroxytetracycline
oxytetracycline hydrochloride,oxytetracycline
oxytocic,oxytocic drug
oxytocic drug,oxytocic
oxytocin,Pitocin
oxytropis lambertii,purple locoweed
oxyura jamaicensis,ruddy duck
oxyuranus scutellatus,taipan
oyster,huitre
oyster-fish,oyster fish
oyster agaric,oyster mushroom
oyster bank,oyster bed
oyster bed,oyster bank
oyster catcher,oystercatcher
oyster crab,Pinnotheres ostreum
oyster dressing,oyster stuffing
oyster fish,oyster-fish
oyster fungus,oyster mushroom
oyster mushroom,oyster fungus
oyster park,oyster bed
oyster plant,salsify
oyster stuffing,oyster dressing
oystercatcher,oyster catcher
oysterfish,oyster fish
oz.,ounce
ozaena,ozena
ozark chinquapin,Ozark chinkapin
ozark mountains,Ozarks
ozark plateau,Ozarks
ozark sundrops,Missouri primrose
ozena,ozaena
ozocerite,ader wax
ozokerite,ader wax
ozone layer,ozonosphere
ozonosphere,ozone layer
ozothamnus secundiflorus,cascade everlasting
p,phosphorus
p. g. wodehouse,Wodehouse
p. p. von mauser,Mauser
p. t. barnum,Barnum
p.a. system,public address system
p.e.,potential energy
p.o.,petty officer
p/e ratio,price-to-earnings ratio
pa,dad
pa system,public address system
paba,para aminobenzoic acid
pabir,Bura
pablo casals,Casals
pablo neruda,Neruda
pablo picasso,Picasso
pabulum,comestible
pac,political action committee
paca,Cuniculus paca
pace,gait
pacemaker,pacesetter
pacer,pacemaker
pacesetter,pacemaker
pacha,pasha
pachisi,parchesi
pachouli,patchouli
pachycephalosaur,pachycephalosaurus
pachycephalosaurus,pachycephalosaur
pachyderma,nevoid elephantiasis
pachyrhizus erosus,yam bean
pachyrhizus tuberosus,yam bean
pachysandra procumbens,Allegheny spurge
pachysandra terminalis,Japanese spurge
pacific bonito,Chile bonito
pacific hemlock,western hemlock
pacific ocean,Pacific
pacific plum,Sierra plum
pacific silver fir,amabilis fir
pacific standard time,Pacific Time
pacification,mollification
pacificism,pacifism
pacificist,pacifist
pacifier,conciliator
pacifism,pacificism
pacing,tempo
pack,battalion
pack animal,sumpter
pack ice,ice pack
pack of cards,deck of cards
pack rat,magpie
pack tent,backpacking tent
package,bundle
package bomb,letter bomb
package holiday,package tour
package store,liquor store
package tour,package holiday
packaging,promotion
packaging company,packaging concern
packaging concern,packaging company
packed cell volume,hematocrit
packer,bagger
packera aurea,golden groundsel
packet,package
packet boat,mailboat
packing,packing material
packing box,stuffing box
packing case,packing box
packing material,packing
packing nut,stuffing nut
packing plant,packinghouse
packinghouse,packing plant
packman,peddler
packrat,pack rat
packsack,backpack
pact,treaty
pad,pad of paper
pad of paper,pad
padauk,padouk
padda oryzivora,Java sparrow
padder,footpad
padding,cushioning
paddle,boat paddle
paddle-box,paddle box
paddle-wheeler,paddle steamer
paddle box,paddle-box
paddle steamer,paddle-wheeler
paddle wheel,paddlewheel
paddlefish,duckbill
paddler,canoeist
paddlewheel,paddle wheel
paddy field,paddy
paddy wagon,police van
paddymelon,pademelon
pademelon,paddymelon
padouk,padauk
padova,Padua
padre,military chaplain
paean,encomium
paederast,pederast
paederasty,pederasty
paediatrician,baby doctor
paediatrics,pediatrics
paedophile,pedophile
paedophilia,pedophilia
paeony,peony
pagad,People against Gangsterism and Drugs
pagan religion,paganism
paganism,pagan religion
page-at-a-time printer,page printer
page number,pagination
page printer,page-at-a-time printer
pageant,pageantry
pageantry,pageant
pageboy,page
pagellus centrodontus,European sea bream
pager,beeper
pagination,folio
paging,pagination
pagoda tree,West Indian jasmine
pagophila eburnea,ivory gull
pagophilus groenlandicus,harp seal
pagrus pagrus,red porgy
pahautea,Libocedrus bidwillii
pahlevi,Pahlavi
paigle,oxlip
pail,bucket
pailful,pail
paillasse,palliasse
pain,hurting
pain in the ass,annoyance
pain in the neck,pain
pain pill,analgesic
pain sensation,pain
painful sensation,pain
painfulness,pain
painkiller,analgesic
pains,striving
painstakingness,conscientiousness
paint,pigment
paint leaf,Japanese poinsettia
painted-leaf begonia,rex begonia
painted beauty,Vanessa virginiensis
painted cup,Indian paintbrush
painted daisy,pyrethrum
painted greenling,convict fish
painted leaf,fire-on-the-mountain
painted nettle,Joseph's coat
painted sandgrouse,Pterocles indicus
painted terrapin,painted turtle
painted tongue,Salpiglossis sinuata
painted tortoise,painted turtle
painted turtle,painted terrapin
painter,cougar
painter's colic,lead colic
painting,picture
pair,brace
pair creation,pair production
pair formation,pair production
pair of pincers,pincer
pair of pliers,pliers
pair of scissors,scissors
pair of tongs,tongs
pair of tweezers,pincer
pair of virginals,virginal
pair production,pair creation
pairing,coupling
pajama,pyjama
pak choi,bok choy
pakchoi,bok choy
pal,buddy
palace,castle
palace car,parlor car
palace of versailles,Versailles
paladin,champion
palaeencephalon,paleencephalon
palaemon australis,long-clawed prawn
palaeoanthropology,paleoanthropology
palaeobiology,paleobiology
palaeobotany,paleobotany
palaeoclimatology,paleoclimatology
palaeodendrology,paleodendrology
palaeoecology,paleoecology
palaeoethnography,paleoethnography
palaeogeography,paleogeography
palaeogeology,paleogeology
palaeology,paleology
palaeontologist,paleontologist
palaeontology,paleontology
palaeopathology,paleopathology
palaeornithology,paleornithology
palaeozoology,paleozoology
palaestra,palestra
palaetiology,paletiology
palankeen,palanquin
palanquin,palankeen
palaquium gutta,gutta-percha tree
palas,dhak
palatability,palatableness
palatableness,palatability
palate,roof of the mouth
palatine artery,arteria palatina
palatine bone,palatine
palatine tonsil,tonsil
palatine vein,vena palatina
palatopharyngoplasty,PPP
palau islands,Palau
palaver,blandishment
pale coral root,early coral root
pale violet,striped violet
pale yellow,straw
paleencephalon,paleoencephalon
paleness,lividness
paleo-amerind,Paleo-American
paleo-amerind culture,Paleo-American culture
paleo-indian,Paleo-American
paleo-indian culture,Paleo-American culture
paleoanthropology,palaeoanthropology
paleobiology,palaeobiology
paleobotany,palaeobotany
paleocene epoch,Paleocene
paleoclimatology,palaeoclimatology
paleocortex,archipallium
paleodendrology,palaeodendrology
paleoecology,palaeoecology
paleoencephalon,paleencephalon
paleoethnography,palaeoethnography
paleogeography,palaeogeography
paleogeology,palaeogeology
paleographer,paleographist
paleographist,paleographer
paleology,palaeology
paleontologist,palaeontologist
paleontology,palaeontology
paleopathology,palaeopathology
paleornithology,palaeornithology
paleostriatum,pallidum
paleozoic era,Paleozoic
paleozoology,palaeozoology
palestine authority,Palestine National Authority
palestinian arab,Palestinian
palestinian islamic jihad,Palestine Islamic Jihad
palestinian national authority,Palestine National Authority
palestra,palaestra
paletiology,palaetiology
palette,pallet
paling,picket fence
palingenesis,recapitulation
paliurus spina-christi,Christ's-thorn
pall,chill
palladium,Pd
pallas,Athena
pallas's cat,manul
pallas's sandgrouse,Syrrhaptes paradoxus
pallas athena,Athena
pallas athene,Athena
pallbearer,bearer
pallet,palette
pallette,palette
palliasse,paillasse
palliation,extenuation
pallid bat,cave bat
pallidity,paleness
pallidness,lividness
pallidum,globus pallidus
pallium,cerebral cortex
pallor,lividness
palm,thenar
palm cat,palm civet
palm civet,palm cat
palm family,Palmae
palm kernel,palm nut
palm nut,palm kernel
palm reading,palmistry
palm tree,palm
palma christ,castor-oil plant
palma christi,castor-oil plant
palmaceae,Palmae
palmer peninsula,Antarctic Peninsula
palmetto state,South Carolina
palmist,palmister
palmister,palmist
palmistry,palm reading
palmitic acid,hexadecanoic acid
palmyra,palmyra palm
palmyra palm,palmyra
palo santo,Bulnesia sarmienti
palo verde,Parkinsonia florida
palometa,California pompano
palometa simillima,palometa
palooka,stumblebum
palpability,tangibility
palpation,tactual exploration
palpebra,eyelid
palpebra conjunctiva,conjunctival layer of eyelids
palpitation,shaking
palsgrave,palatine
palsy,paralysis
paltering,fibbing
paltriness,sorriness
pamelor,nortriptyline
pampas grass,Cortaderia selloana
pamperer,spoiler
pamphlet,booklet
pan,cooking pan
pan gravy,gravy
pan paniscus,pygmy chimpanzee
pan troglodytes,chimpanzee
pan troglodytes schweinfurthii,eastern chimpanzee
pan troglodytes troglodytes,central chimpanzee
pan troglodytes verus,western chimpanzee
panache,dash
panadol,acetaminophen
panama hat,boater
panamanian capital,Panama City
panamica,friendship plant
panamiga,friendship plant
panatela,panetela
panax ginseng,ginseng
panax pseudoginseng,ginseng
panax quinquefolius,American ginseng
panax schinseng,ginseng
pancake,battercake
pancake day,Mardi Gras
pancake turtle,soft-shelled turtle
panchayat,panchayet
panchayet,panchayat
pancho villa,Villa
pancreatic artery,arteria pancreatica
pancreatic fibrosis,cystic fibrosis
pancreatic vein,venae pancreatica
panda,giant panda
panda bear,giant panda
pandanus,screw pine
pandanus tectorius,textile screw pine
pandar,pimp
pandean pipe,panpipe
pandemonium,chaos
pander,pimp
panderer,pimp
pandion haliaetus,osprey
pandowdy,dowdy
pandurate leaf,panduriform leaf
panduriform leaf,pandurate leaf
pane,pane of glass
pane of glass,pane
panegyrist,eulogist
panel,jury
panel truck,delivery truck
paneling,panelling
panelist,panellist
panelling,paneling
panellist,panelist
panetela,panatela
panetella,panatela
pang,stab
panga,machete
pangea,Pangaea
pango pango,Pago Pago
pangolin,scaly anteater
panhysterectomy,radical hysterectomy
panic,terror
panic attack,scare
panicum capillare,witchgrass
panicum miliaceum,broomcorn millet
panicum texanum,goose grass
panicum virgatum,switch grass
panjabi,Punjabi
panjandrum,very important person
panocha,penuche
panoche,penuche
panonychus ulmi,red spider
panorama,view
panoramic view,bird's eye view
panpipe,pandean pipe
pansa,Pus
pansy,Viola tricolor hortensis
pansy violet,bird's-foot violet
pant,trouser
pant leg,trouser leg
panther,jaguar
panther cat,ocelot
panther lily,leopard lily
panthera leo,lion
panthera onca,jaguar
panthera pardus,leopard
panthera tigris,tiger
panthera uncia,snow leopard
pantie,panty
panting,heaving
pantomime,mime
pantomimer,mime
pantomimist,mime
pantothen,pantothenic acid
pantothenic acid,pantothen
pantry,larder
pantryman,butler
pants,bloomers
pants presser,trouser press
pants suit,pantsuit
pantsuit,pants suit
panty,pantie
pantywaist,sissy
paola caliari,Veronese
paolo veronese,Veronese
pap,pablum
pap smear,cervical smear
papa,dad
papa doc,Duvalier
papacy,pontificate
papaia,papaya
papal bull,bull
papal nuncio,nuncio
papanicolaou smear,cervical smear
papanicolaou test,Pap test
papaver alpinum,Iceland poppy
papaver argemone,prickly poppy
papaver californicum,western poppy
papaver heterophyllum,wind poppy
papaver nudicaule,Iceland poppy
papaver orientale,oriental poppy
papaver rhoeas,corn poppy
papaver somniferum,opium poppy
papaverales,Rhoeadales
papaverine,Kavrin
papaw,pawpaw
papaw tree,pawpaw
papaya,papaia
papaya family,Caricaceae
papaya tree,papaya
paper,composition
paper-back book,paperback book
paper-mache,papier-mache
paper bag,sack
paper birch,American white birch
paper chase,hare and hounds
paper clip,paperclip
paper cup,Dixie cup
paper currency,paper money
paper electrophoresis,carrier electrophoresis
paper flower,Bougainvillea glabra
paper gold,special drawing rights
paper knife,letter opener
paper money,folding money
paper mulberry,Broussonetia papyrifera
paper nautilus,nautilus
paper plant,papyrus
paper round,paper route
paper route,paper round
paper rush,papyrus
paper white,Narcissus papyraceus
paperback book,paper-back book
paperbark birch,American white birch
paperboard,poster board
paperclip,paper clip
paperer,paperhanger
paperhanger,paperer
paperhanging,papering
papering,paperhanging
paperknife,letter opener
papers,document
papier-mache,paper-mache
papillary tumor,papilloma
papillary tumour,papilloma
papilloma,villoma
papio ursinus,chacma
papism,Romanism
papoose,pappoose
papoose root,blue cohosh
papooseroot,blue cohosh
pappa,dad
pappataci fever,sandfly fever
pappoose,papoose
paprika,sweet pepper
paprika sauce,Hungarian sauce
paprilus alepidotus,harvestfish
papuan language,Papuan
papulovesicle,vesicopapule
papyrus,Egyptian paper reed
par,equality
par value,face value
para,parity
para aminobenzoic acid,PABA
para i,primipara
para river,Para
parable,fable
parabolic geometry,elementary geometry
parabolic reflector,paraboloid reflector
paraboloid reflector,parabolic reflector
paracentesis,abdominocentesis
paracheirodon axelrodi,cardinal tetra
parachute,chute
parachute jumper,parachutist
parachuter,parachutist
parachuting,jump
parachutist,parachuter
paraclete,Holy Ghost
parader,marcher
paradiddle,roll
paradigm,prototype
paradise,Eden
paradise flower,pride of barbados
paradise tree,bitterwood
paradisea liliastrum,St.-Bruno's-lily
paradoxical sleep,rapid eye movement sleep
paraduodenal smear,duodenal smear
paraesthesia,paresthesia
paraffin,paraffin wax
paraffin oil,paraffin
paraffin scale,scale wax
paraffin series,methane series
paraffin wax,paraffin
paragliding,parasailing
paragon,idol
paraguay tea,mate
parakeet,parrakeet
paralanguage,paralinguistic communication
paraldehyde,ethanal trimer
paralegal,legal assistant
paraleipsis,paralepsis
paralepsis,paraleipsis
paralichthys dentatus,summer flounder
paralichthys lethostigmus,southern flounder
paralinguistic communication,paralanguage
paralipsis,paralepsis
paralithodes camtschatica,king crab
parallel axiom,Euclid's fifth axiom
parallel bars,bars
parallel circuit,shunt circuit
parallel interface,parallel port
parallel of latitude,latitude
parallel operation,simultaneous operation
parallel port,parallel interface
parallel processing,multiprocessing
parallelepiped,parallelopiped
parallelepipedon,parallelepiped
parallelism,correspondence
parallelopiped,parallelepiped
parallelopipedon,parallelepiped
paralysis,palsy
paralysis agitans,Parkinsonism
paramecia,paramecium
paramecium,paramecia
paramedic,paramedical
parameter,parametric quantity
parametric quantity,parameter
paramilitary force,paramilitary
paramilitary organisation,paramilitary
paramilitary organization,paramilitary
paramilitary unit,paramilitary
paramour,fancy man
parana river,Parana
paranasal sinus,sinus paranasales
paranoiac,paranoid
paranoic type schizophrenia,paranoid schizophrenia
paranoid schizophrenia,paranoic type schizophrenia
paranthias furcifer,creole-fish
parapet,breastwork
paraphernalia,gear
paraphrase,paraphrasis
paraphrasis,paraphrase
paraphrenia,paranoid schizophrenia
paraphrenic schizophrenia,paranoid schizophrenia
parapraxis,slip
parapsychology,psychic phenomena
paraquet,parakeet
parasailing,paragliding
parascalops breweri,brewer's mole
parasitaemia,parasitemia
parasitaxus ustus,parasite yew
parasite,leech
parasite yew,Parasitaxus ustus
parasitemia,parasitaemia
parasitic jaeger,arctic skua
parasitic worm,helminth
parasol,sunshade
parasol mushroom,Lepiota procera
parasympathetic nervous system,parasympathetic
parathelypteris novae-boracensis,New York fern
parathelypteris simulata,Massachusetts fern
parathormone,parathyroid hormone
parathyroid,parathyroid gland
parathyroid gland,parathyroid
parathyroid hormone,parathormone
paratrooper,para
paratyphoid,paratyphoid fever
paratyphoid fever,paratyphoid
paraumbilical vein,vena paraumbilicalis
parazoan,sponge
parcel,package
parcel bomb,letter bomb
parcel of land,tract
parceling,allotment
parcelling,allotment
parchesi,pachisi
parchisi,pachisi
parchment,sheepskin
pardner,collaborator
pardon,forgiveness
pardoner,forgiver
paregoric,camphorated tincture of opium
parentage,parenthood
parenthesis,digression
parenthetical expression,parenthetical
parenthood,parentage
parer,paring knife
paresthesia,paraesthesia
parget,pargeting
pargeting,parget
pargetry,pargeting
pargetting,parget
parhelic circle,solar halo
parhelic ring,solar halo
parhelion,mock sun
pari-mutuel machine,totalizer
pariah,outcast
pariah dog,pye-dog
paries,wall
parietal cortex,parietal lobe
parietal lobe,parietal cortex
parietaria difussa,pellitory-of-the-wall
parieto-occipital fissure,parieto-occipital sulcus
parieto-occipital sulcus,parieto-occipital fissure
paring,sliver
paring knife,parer
paris daisy,marguerite
paris quadrifolia,herb Paris
parity,para
parity bit,parity
parity check,redundancy check
park,parkland
park ave.,Park Avenue
parka,windbreaker
parka squirrel,Arctic ground squirrel
parking area,parking lot
parking brake,hand brake
parking lot,car park
parking space,parking zone
parking zone,parking space
parkinson's,paralysis agitans
parkinson's disease,paralysis agitans
parkinson's syndrome,paralysis agitans
parkinsonia aculeata,Jerusalem thorn
parkinsonia florida,palo verde
parkinsonism,paralysis agitans
parkland,park
parkway,drive
parlance,idiom
parliament,fantan
parliamentary law,order
parliamentary procedure,order
parlor,parlour
parlor car,parlour car
parlor game,parlour game
parlor grand,baby grand
parlor grand piano,baby grand
parlormaid,parlourmaid
parlour,parlor
parlour car,parlor car
parlour game,parlor game
parlour grand,baby grand
parlour grand piano,baby grand
parlourmaid,parlormaid
parnahiba,Parnaiba
parnassia,grass-of-Parnassus
parnassia fimbriata,fringed grass of Parnassus
parnassia palustris,bog star
parochetus communis,shamrock pea
parochial school,church school
parodist,lampooner
parody,lampoon
parole,word
parolee,probationer
paronomasia,pun
parophrys vitulus,English sole
paroquet,parakeet
parosamia,dysosmia
parousia,Second Coming
paroxetime,Paxil
paroxysm,fit
parquet,parquet floor
parquet circle,parterre
parquet floor,parquet
parqueterie,parquetry
parquetry,parqueterie
parrakeet,parakeet
parroket,parakeet
parroquet,parakeet
parrot's beak,parrot's bill
parrot's bill,parrot's beak
parrot disease,psittacosis
parrot fever,psittacosis
parrotfish,polly fish
parry,counterpunch
pars anterior,pars distilis
pars distilis,pars anterior
pars nervosa,posterior pituitary
parsec,secpar
parseeism,Parsiism
parsi,Parsee
parsimoniousness,parsimony
parsimony,parsimoniousness
parsley,Petroselinum crispum
parsley-leaved thorn,parsley haw
parsley haw,parsley-leaved thorn
parsnip,Pastinaca sativa
parson,curate
parson's nose,pope's nose
parsonage,vicarage
part-of-speech tagger,pos tagger
part name,meronym
part of speech,form class
part to whole relation,meronymy
partaker,sharer
parterre,parquet circle
parthenium argentatum,guayule
parthenium hysterophorus,bastard feverfew
parthenium integrifolium,American feverfew
parthenocissus quinquefolia,Virginia creeper
parthenocissus tricuspidata,Boston ivy
parthenogenesis,parthenogeny
parthenogeny,parthenogenesis
parti pris,preconception
partial abortion,incomplete abortion
partial derivative,partial
partial tone,overtone
partiality,fondness
participant,player
participant role,semantic role
participation,engagement
participation financing,participation loan
participation loan,loan participation
participle,participial
particle,atom
particle accelerator,accelerator
particle board,fiberboard
particle physics,high-energy physics
particular baptist,Calvinistic Baptist
particular date,date
particular proposition,particular
particularisation,particularization
particularity,specialness
particularization,particularisation
particulate matter,particulate
particulate radiation,corpuscular radiation
parting,farewell
partisanship,partiality
partition,divider
partitioning,breakdown
partiya karkeran kurdistan,Kurdistan Workers Party
partner,spouse
partner in crime,confederate
partridge,tinamou
partridge pea,sensitive pea
partridgeberry,boxberry
parts,part
parts catalog,parts catalogue
parts catalogue,parts catalog
parturiency,labor
parturition,birth
party,political party
party boss,political boss
party favor,party favour
party favour,party favor
party liner,party man
party man,party liner
party of democratic kampuchea,Khmer Rouge
party of god,Hizballah
party pooper,spoilsport
party to the action,party to the transaction
party to the transaction,party to the action
party whip,whip
parula americana,parula warbler
parula warbler,northern parula
parus atricapillus,black-capped chickadee
parus bicolor,tufted titmouse
parus caeruleus,blue tit
parus carolinensis,Carolina chickadee
parvo,parvovirus
parvovirus,parvo
pas,dad
pas de calais,Strait of Dover
pas de deux,duet
pas seul,variation
pasang,oryx
pascal,Pa
pascal's law of fluid pressures,Pascal's law
pascal celery,Paschal celery
pascha,Pasch
paschal celery,pascal celery
paschal lamb,Agnus Dei
paseo,walk
pasha,pacha
pashtoon,Pathan
pashtu,Pashto
pashtun,Pathan
paspalum,dallisgrass
paspalum dilatatum,dallisgrass
paspalum distichum,knotgrass
paspalum notatum,Bahia grass
pasque flower,pasqueflower
pasqueflower,pasque flower
pasquinade,parody
pass catcher,receiver
pass completion,completion
pass receiver,receiver
passado,lunge
passage,transition
passageway,passage
passbook,bankbook
passe-partout,passkey
passel,batch
passementerie,trimming
passenger,rider
passenger car,coach
passenger pigeon,Ectopistes migratorius
passenger vehicle,bus
passer,passerby
passer-by,passerby
passer domesticus,English sparrow
passer montanus,tree sparrow
passerby,passer-by
passeres,Oscines
passeriform bird,passerine
passerina cyanea,indigo bunting
passero cape,Cape Passero
passiflora edulis,granadilla
passiflora foetida,love-in-a-mist
passiflora incarnata,maypop
passiflora laurifolia,Jamaica honeysuckle
passiflora ligularis,granadilla
passiflora maliformis,sweet calabash
passiflora mollissima,banana passion fruit
passiflora quadrangularis,granadilla
passing comment,obiter dictum
passing game,pass
passing note,passing tone
passing play,pass
passing tone,passing note
passing water,leak
passion,passionateness
passion of christ,Passion
passion week,Holy Week
passionateness,passion
passionflower,passionflower vine
passionflower family,Passifloraceae
passionflower vine,passionflower
passive resistance,nonviolent resistance
passive resister,non-resistant
passive voice,passive
passiveness,passivity
passivism,pacifism
passivity,passiveness
passkey,passe-partout
passover supper,Seder
passport,pass
password,watchword
past participle,perfect participle
past perfect,past perfect tense
past perfect tense,past perfect
past progressive,past progressive tense
past progressive tense,past progressive
past tense,past
past times,past
pasta,alimentary paste
pasta sauce,spaghetti sauce
paste,library paste
paster,gummed label
pastern,fetter bone
pasteurellosis,hemorrhagic septicemia
pasteurisation,pasteurization
pasteurization,pasteurisation
pastiche,medley
pastil,cough drop
pastille,cough drop
pastime,interest
pastinaca sativa,parsnip
pasto,Galeras
pastor,curate
pastor roseus,rose-colored starling
pastor sturnus,rose-colored starling
pastorale,pastoral
pastorate,pastorship
pastorship,pastorate
pastry,pastry dough
pastry dough,pastry
pasturage,herbage
pasture,pastureland
pasture brake,bracken
pastureland,pasture
patas,hussar monkey
patavium,Padua
patch,spot
patchboard,switchboard
patchouli,patchouly
patchouly,patchouli
patchwork,hodgepodge
patchwork quilt,patchwork
pate,poll
pate a choux,puff batter
pate de foie gras,foie gras
pate feuillete,puff paste
patella,kneecap
patella vulgata,common limpet
patellar reflex,knee jerk
patency,obviousness
patent log,screw log
patent of invention,patent
patent office,Patent and Trademark Office Database
paterfamilias,patriarch
paternal quality,fatherliness
paternity,fatherhood
paternity suit,bastardy proceeding
path,way
path of least resistance,line of least resistance
pathfinder,scout
pathologic process,pathological process
pathological process,pathologic process
pathologist,diagnostician
pathos,poignancy
pathway,nerve pathway
patience,forbearance
patient role,affected role
patio,terrace
patness,opportuneness
patois,slang
patrai,Patras
patriarch,paterfamilias
patriarchate,patriarchy
patriarchy,patriarchate
patrick henry,Henry
patrick victor martindale white,White
patrick white,White
patrikin,agnate
patrilineage,agnation
patrilineal kin,agnate
patrilineal sib,agnate
patrimony,birthright
patriot,nationalist
patrioteer,chauvinist
patriotism,nationalism
patrisib,agnate
patristics,patrology
patrol boat,patrol ship
patrol car,cruiser
patrol ship,patrol boat
patrol wagon,police van
patrolman,flatfoot
patrology,patristics
patron,frequenter
patronage,backing
patroness,patronne
patronne,patroness
patronym,patronymic
patsy,chump
patten,clog
patter,spiel
pattern,form
patterned advance,progression
patty,cake
patty shell,bouchee
pattypan squash,cymling
paucity,dearth
paul adrien maurice dirac,Dirac
paul bunyan,Bunyan
paul bustill robeson,Robeson
paul cezanne,Cezanne
paul dukas,Dukas
paul ehrlich,Ehrlich
paul gauguin,Gauguin
paul hermann muller,Muller
paul heyse,Heyse
paul hindemith,Hindemith
paul johann ludwig von heyse,Heyse
paul johannes tillich,Tillich
paul john flory,Flory
paul joseph goebbels,Goebbels
paul klee,Klee
paul leonard newman,Newman
paul ludwig von beneckendorff und von hindenburg,Hindenburg
paul mccartney,McCartney
paul newman,Newman
paul revere,Revere
paul robeson,Robeson
paul simon,Simon
paul the apostle,Paul
paul tillich,Tillich
paul verlaine,Verlaine
paul vernier,Vernier
paul von hindenburg,Hindenburg
paulo afonso falls,Paulo Afonso
paumotu archipelago,Tuamotu Archipelago
paunch,belly
paunchiness,abdominousness
pauperisation,pauperization
pauperism,indigence
pauperization,indigence
pause,intermission
pavage,paving
pavan,pavane
pavane,pavan
pavement,paving
pavilion,marquee
paving,pavement
paving machine,pavior
paving material,paving
pavior,paviour
paviour,pavior
pavis,pavise
pavise,pavis
pavo cristatus,blue peafowl
pavo muticus,green peafowl
pavor nocturnus,sleep terror disorder
paw,hand
pawl,detent
pawn,instrument
pawnbroker's shop,pawnshop
pawnshop,pawnbroker's shop
pawpaw,papaya
pax,kiss of peace
paxil,paroxetime
paxto,Pashto
pay,wage
pay-phone,pay-station
pay-station,pay-phone
pay as you earn,PAYE
pay claim,wage claim
pay cut,salary cut
pay envelope,pay packet
pay packet,pay envelope
pay rate,rate of pay
payables,account payable
payback,vengeance
paycheck,payroll check
payer,remunerator
paygrade,military rank
paying back,return
payload,warhead
payment,defrayal
payment rate,rate of payment
payne's gray,Payne's grey
payoff,final payment
payroll,paysheet
payroll check,paycheck
payroll department,payroll
paysheet,payroll
pb,lead
pbit,petabit
pbs,phosphate buffer solution
pc,personal computer
pcp,health professional
pct,percentage
pd,palladium
pda,personal digital assistant
pdflp,Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine
pdl,poundal
pe-tsai,Chinese cabbage
pea,pea plant
pea-chick,peachick
pea-souper,pea soup
pea bean,navy bean
pea family,Leguminosae
pea green,yellow green
pea jacket,peacoat
pea plant,pea
pea pod,peasecod
pea soup,pea-souper
pea tree,caragana
pea weevil,Bruchus pisorum
peace,peacefulness
peace garden state,North Dakota
peace lily,spathiphyllum
peace of mind,peace
peace offering,olive branch
peace officer,lawman
peace pipe,calumet
peace treaty,peace
peaceableness,peacefulness
peacefulness,peaceableness
peacekeeping mission,peacekeeping
peacekeeping operation,peacekeeping
peacemaker,conciliator
peacenik,dove
peach,peach tree
peach-leaved willow,peachleaf willow
peach-wood,brazilwood
peach bell,peach bells
peach bells,peach bell
peach state,Georgia
peach tree,peach
peachick,pea-chick
peachleaf willow,peach-leaved willow
peachwood,brazilwood
peacoat,pea jacket
peacock,peacock butterfly
peacock blue,greenish blue
peacock butterfly,peacock
peacock flower,royal poinciana
peacock flower fence,coralwood
peacock ore,bornite
peafowl,bird of Juno
peag,wampum
peak,extremum
peak season,high season
peaked cap,kepi
peal,pealing
pealing,peal
pean,paean
peanut gallery,second balcony
peanut oil,groundnut oil
peanut vine,peanut
peanut worm,sipunculid
peanuts,peanut
pear,pear tree
pear blight,fire blight
pear haw,blackthorn
pear hawthorn,blackthorn
pear tree,pear
pearl,bone
pearl-fish,pearlfish
pearl-weed,pearlwort
pearl bailey,Bailey
pearl buck,Buck
pearl diver,pearler
pearl mae bailey,Bailey
pearl millet,bulrush millet
pearl oyster,Pinctada margaritifera
pearl river,Zhu Jiang
pearl sydenstricker buck,Buck
pearler,pearl diver
pearlfish,pearl-fish
pearlweed,pearlwort
pearlwort,pearlweed
pearly everlasting,cottonweed
pearly nautilus,chambered nautilus
pearly razorfish,Hemipteronatus novacula
pearson product-moment correlation coefficient,product-moment correlation coefficient
peasant,provincial
peasecod,pea pod
peat bog,bog
peat moss,sphagnum
peavey,peavy
peavy,peavey
peba,nine-banded armadillo
pebble plant,fig marigold
pebibit,Pibit
pebibyte,petabyte
pecan,pecan tree
pecan tree,pecan
peccadillo,indiscretion
peccari angulatus,collared peccary
peccary,musk hog
peck,batch
pecker,cock
peckerwood,woodpecker
pecking order,hierarchy
pecos river,Pecos
pecs,pectoral
pecten irradians,bay scallop
pecten magellanicus,sea scallop
pectoral arch,shoulder girdle
pectoral medallion,pectoral
pectoral muscle,pectoral
pectoral sandpiper,jacksnipe
pectoral vein,vena pectoralis
pectoralis,pectoral
pectoralis major,musculus pectoralis major
pectoralis minor,musculus pectoralis minor
pectus,thorax
peculation,embezzlement
peculator,embezzler
peculiarity,distinctive feature
pecuniary resource,funds
pedagog,educator
pedagogics,teaching method
pedagogue,educator
pedagogy,teaching method
pedal extremity,vertebrate foot
pedal point,pedal
pedal pusher,toreador pants
pedaler,pedaller
pedaller,pedaler
pedant,bookworm
peddler,pedlar
peddling,vending
pederast,paederast
pederasty,paederasty
pedesis,Brownian movement
pedestal,base
pedestrian bridge,footbridge
pedestrian crossing,zebra crossing
pedestrian traffic,foot traffic
pediamycin,erythromycin
pediapred,prednisolone
pediatric medicine,pediatrics
pediatrician,baby doctor
pediatrics,paediatrics
pediatrist,baby doctor
pedicab,cycle rickshaw
pedicel,pedicle
pedicle,pedicel
pediculosis,lousiness
pediculosis capitis,head lice
pediculosis pubis,crabs
pediculus capitis,head louse
pediculus corporis,body louse
pediculus humanus,common louse
pedilanthus bracteatus,candelilla
pedilanthus pavonis,candelilla
pedilanthus tithymaloides,Jewbush
pediocactus knowltonii,Knowlton's cactus
pedioecetes phasianellus,sharp-tailed grouse
pedionomus torquatus,plain wanderer
pedlar,peddler
pedology,pediatrics
pedophile,paedophile
pedophilia,paedophilia
pedro calderon de la barca,Calderon
peduncle,cerebral peduncle
pedunculate oak,common oak
pedwood,common European dogwood
pee,urine
pee dee river,Pee Dee
peeing,pee
peek,peep
peekaboo,bopeep
peeler,stripper
peeling,desquamation
peep,cheep
peeper,voyeur
peephole,spyhole
peeping tom,voyeur
peepshow,raree-show
peepul,pipal
peer,equal
peerage,baronage
peeress,Lady
peevishness,irritability
peewee,runt
peewit,lapwing
peg,nog
pegleg,peg
pehlevi,Pahlavi
peignoir,negligee
peiping,Beijing
peireskia,Pereskia
pekan,fisher
peke,Pekinese
peking,Beijing
pekingese,Pekinese
pekoe,orange pekoe
pel,pixel
pelage,coat
pelagic bird,oceanic bird
pelargonium graveolens,rose geranium
pelargonium hortorum,fish geranium
pelargonium limoneum,lemon geranium
pelargonium odoratissimum,apple geranium
pelargonium peltatum,ivy geranium
pelecanus erythrorhynchos,white pelican
pelecanus onocrotalus,Old world white pelican
pelew,Palau
pelf,boodle
pelham grenville wodehouse,Wodehouse
pelican state,Louisiana
peliosis,purpura
pellaea andromedifolia,coffee fern
pellaea atropurpurea,purple rock brake
pellaea mucronata,bird's-foot fern
pellaea ornithopus,bird's-foot fern
pellaea rotundifolia,button fern
pellagra,Alpine scurvy
pellet,shot
pellicularia filamentosa,potato fungus
pellicularia koleroga,coffee fungus
pellitory,pellitory-of-the-wall
pellitory-of-spain,pellitory
pellitory-of-the-wall,wall pellitory
pellucidity,clarity
pellucidness,pellucidity
pelmet,cornice
peloponnesian peninsula,Peloponnese
peloponnesus,Peloponnese
pelota,jai alai
pelt,fur
peltandra virginica,green arrow arum
pelter,downpour
pelting,rain
peltiphyllum,Darmera
peltiphyllum peltatum,umbrella plant
peludo,poyou
pelvic arch,pelvis
pelvic fin,ventral fin
pelvic girdle,pelvis
pelvic inflammatory disease,PID
pelvis,pelvic girdle
pembroke welsh corgi,Pembroke
pemican,pemmican
pemmican,pemican
pen,playpen
pen-friend,pen pal
pen-tail,pentail
pen-tailed tree shrew,pentail
pen name,nom de plume
pen nib,nib
pen pal,pen-friend
penal facility,penal institution
penal institution,penal facility
penalisation,punishment
penalization,punishment
penalty,punishment
penalty free throw,foul shot
penance,repentance
penchant,preference
pencil box,pencil case
pencil case,pencil box
pencil cedar,pencil cedar tree
pencil cedar tree,pencil cedar
pencil eraser,rubber eraser
pencil lead,lead
pencil pusher,penpusher
pendant earring,drop earring
peneplain,peneplane
peneplane,peneplain
penetrability,perviousness
penetrating injury,penetrating trauma
penetrating trauma,penetrating injury
penetration,incursion
penicillamine,Cuprimine
penicillinase,beta-lactamase
penis,phallus
penitence,repentance
penman,scribe
penmanship,calligraphy
penn'orth,pennyworth
pennant,crown
pennilessness,impecuniousness
pennine chain,Pennines
penning,writing
pennisetum americanum,pearl millet
pennisetum cenchroides,buffel grass
pennisetum glaucum,pearl millet
pennisetum ruppelii,fountain grass
pennisetum setaceum,fountain grass
pennistum villosum,feathertop
pennon,pennant
pennoncel,penoncel
pennoncelle,pennoncel
pennsylvanian period,Pennsylvanian
penny,cent
penny ante,penny ante poker
penny ante poker,penny ante
penny bank,piggy bank
penny dreadful,dime novel
penny grass,field pennycress
pennyroyal,Mentha pulegium
pennyroyal oil,hedeoma oil
pennywhistle,tin whistle
pennyworth,penn'orth
penobscot river,Penobscot
penoche,penuche
penology,poenology
penoncel,pennoncel
penpusher,pencil pusher
pension account,pension plan
pension fund,superannuation fund
pension plan,pension account
pensionary,pensioner
pensioner,pensionary
pensiveness,brooding
penstemon barbatus,golden-beard penstemon
penstemon centranthifolius,scarlet bugler
penstemon cyananthus,Platte River penstemon
penstemon davidsonii,Davidson's penstemon
penstemon deustus,hot-rock penstemon
penstemon dolius,Jones' penstemon
penstemon fruticosus,shrubby penstemon
penstemon linarioides,narrow-leaf penstemon
penstemon newberryi,mountain pride
penstemon palmeri,balloon flower
penstemon parryi,Parry's penstemon
penstemon rupicola,rock penstemon
penstemon rydbergii,Rydberg's penstemon
penstemon serrulatus,cascade penstemon
penstemon whippleanus,Whipple's penstemon
penstock,sluicegate
pentacle,pentagram
pentad,five
pentaerythritol,Peritrate
pentagram,pentacle
pentail,pen-tail
pentamethylenetetrazol,pentylenetetrazol
pentangle,pentacle
pentanoic acid,valeric acid
pentastomid,tongue worm
pentateuch,Torah
pentatone,pentatonic scale
pentatonic scale,pentatone
pentazocine,Talwin
pentecostalist,Pentecostal
pentobarbital,pentobarbital sodium
pentobarbital sodium,pentobarbital
pentothal,thiopental
pentoxifylline,Trental
pentylenetetrazol,pentamethylenetetrazol
penuche,penoche
penuchle,pinochle
penult,penultima
penultima,penult
penuriousness,impecuniousness
penury,indigence
peon,drudge
peony,paeony
peony family,Paeoniaceae
people,citizenry
people's liberation army,Irish National Liberation Army
people's mujahidin of iran,Mujahidin-e Khalq Organization
people's republic of bangladesh,Bangladesh
people's republic of china,China
people's republican army,Irish National Liberation Army
people in power,ruling class
people of color,color
people of colour,color
peoples,people
pep,peppiness
pep pill,amphetamine
pepcid,famotidine
peperomia argyreia,watermelon begonia
peperomia sandersii,watermelon begonia
pepin iii,Pepin
pepin the short,Pepin
peplos,peplus
peplum,peplos
peplus,peplos
pepper,common pepper
pepper box,pepper shaker
pepper bush,sweet pepperbush
pepper family,Piperaceae
pepper grass,common garden cress
pepper grinder,pepper mill
pepper mill,pepper grinder
pepper pot,Philadelphia pepper pot
pepper root,crinkleroot
pepper sauce,Poivrade
pepper shaker,pepper box
pepper shrub,Pseudowintera colorata
pepper steak,steak au poivre
pepper tree,molle
pepper vine,true pepper
peppercorn,pepper
peppered steak,steak au poivre
pepperidge,sour gum
pepperiness,hotness
peppermint,Mentha piperita
peppermint candy,peppermint
peppermint gum,red gum
pepperwood,California laurel
pepperwort,clover fern
peppiness,pep
pepsi cola,Pepsi
peptic ulcer,peptic ulceration
peptic ulceration,peptic ulcer
peptidase,protease
peptide bond,peptide linkage
peptide linkage,peptide bond
peptisation,peptization
peptization,peptisation
per centum,percentage
perambulation,amble
perambulator,baby buggy
perca flavescens,yellow perch
perca fluviatilis,European perch
perceiver,percipient
percent,percentage
percent sign,percentage sign
percentage,percent
percentage point,decimal point
percentage sign,percent sign
percentile,centile
percept,perception
perception,percept
perceptiveness,insight
perceptivity,insight
perceptual constancy,constancy
perceptual experience,percept
perch,rod
percher,Insessores
perching bird,Insessores
perchloromethane,carbon tetrachloride
percina tanasi,snail darter
percival lowell,Lowell
percoid,percoid fish
percoid fish,percoid
percoidean,percoid fish
percolation,infiltration
percomorphi,Perciformes
percussion,percussion section
percussion instrument,percussive instrument
percussion section,percussion
percussive instrument,percussion instrument
percussor,plexor
percy aldridge grainger,Grainger
percy bysshe shelley,Shelley
percy grainger,Grainger
perdicinae,Perdicidae
perdition,Hell
perdix perdix,Hungarian partridge
pere david's deer,elaphure
pere jacques marquette,Marquette
peregrine falcon,peregrine
perennial pea,broad-leaved everlasting pea
perennial ragweed,western ragweed
perennial ryegrass,English ryegrass
pereskia aculeata,Barbados gooseberry
perfect gas,ideal gas
perfect participle,past participle
perfect pitch,absolute pitch
perfect tense,perfective
perfecta,exacta
perfection,flawlessness
perfective,perfective tense
perfective aspect,perfective
perfective tense,perfective
perfidiousness,perfidy
perfidy,perfidiousness
perfluorocarbon,PFC
perforating vein,vena perforantis
performance,public presentation
performance bond,surety bond
performance capability,operating capability
performer,performing artist
performing,acting
performing artist,performer
perfume,aroma
pergola,arbor
periactin,cyproheptadine
perianth,chlamys
periapsis,point of periapsis
periarterial plexus,plexus periarterialis
periarteritis nodosa,polyarteritis nodosa
pericallis cruenta,cineraria
pericallis hybrida,florest's cineraria
pericardial cavity,pericardial space
pericardial space,pericardial cavity
pericardial vein,vena pericardiaca
pericarp,seed vessel
periclase,magnesia
perigon,round angle
perigone,perianth
perigonium,perianth
peril,hazard
perilla frutescens crispa,beefsteak plant
perilousness,hazardousness
perilune,periselene
perimeter,margin
perineal artery,arteria perinealis
period,time period
period of play,playing period
period of time,time period
periodic breathing,Cheyne-Stokes respiration
periodic edema,angioedema
periodic event,recurrent event
periodic law,Mendeleev's law
periodic motion,periodic movement
periodic movement,periodic motion
periodical cicada,seventeen-year locust
periodicity,cyclicity
periodontal disease,periodontitis
periodontia,periodontics
periodontics,periodontia
periodontitis,periodontal disease
peripateticism,Aristotelianism
peripatus,onychophoran
peripeteia,peripetia
peripetia,peripeteia
peripety,peripeteia
peripheral device,peripheral
peripheral nervous system,systema nervosum periphericum
periphery,fringe
periphrasis,circumlocution
periplaneta americana,American cockroach
periplaneta australasiae,Australian cockroach
periploca graeca,silk vine
periselene,perilune
perishability,perishableness
perishableness,perishability
perisoreus canadensis,Canada jay
perisoreus canadensis capitalis,Rocky Mountain jay
perissodactyl,odd-toed ungulate
perissodactyl mammal,odd-toed ungulate
peristalsis,vermiculation
peristedion miniatum,armored searobin
peritoneal cavity,greater peritoneal sac
peritoneal inflammation,peritonitis
peritonitis,peritoneal inflammation
peritonsillar abscess,quinsy
peritrate,pentaerythritol
periwig,peruke
periwinkle,rose periwinkle
perjurer,false witness
perjury,bearing false witness
perk,fringe benefit
perkiness,buoyancy
perleche,cheilosis
permanence,permanency
permanency,permanence
permanent injunction,final injunction
permanent magnet,static magnet
permanent press,durable press
permanent tooth,adult tooth
permanent wave,permanent
permanganate of potash,potassium permanganate
permeability,permeableness
permeableness,permeability
permeation,pervasion
permian period,Permian
permission,license
permissive waste,waste
permissiveness,tolerance
permit,license
permutability,permutableness
permutableness,permutability
permutation,substitution
pernambuco,Recife
pernambuco wood,brazilwood
pernicious anaemia,pernicious anemia
pernicious anemia,pernicious anaemia
perniciousness,toxicity
pernio,chilblain
pernis apivorus,honey buzzard
pernyi moth,Antheraea pernyi
perodicticus potto,potto
perognathus flavescens,plains pocket mouse
perognathus flavus,silky pocket mouse
perognathus hispidus,hispid pocket mouse
peromyscus eremicus,cactus mouse
peromyscus gossypinus,cotton mouse
peromyscus leucopus,white-footed mouse
peromyscus maniculatus,deer mouse
peroneal vein,fibular vein
peronospora destructor,onion mildew
peronospora hyoscyami,tobacco mildew
peronospora tabacina,blue mold fungus
peroxide,hydrogen peroxide
peroxide blond,peroxide blonde
peroxide blonde,peroxide blond
perpendicular style,perpendicular
perpendicularity,orthogonality
perpetration,commission
perpetrator,culprit
perpetuation,prolongation
perpetuity,sempiternity
perphenazine,Triavil
perquisite,fringe benefit
persea americana,avocado
persea borbonia,laurel-tree
persecutor,tormentor
perseverance,doggedness
perseveration,perseverance
persian empire,Persia
persian gulf illness,Gulf War syndrome
persian lilac,chinaberry
persian melon,winter melon
persian walnut,English walnut
persimmon,persimmon tree
persimmon tree,persimmon
persistence,continuity
persistency,doggedness
person,individual
person hour,man hour
person of color,person of colour
person of colour,person of color
persona,character
persona non grata,unwelcome person
personage,important person
personal appeal,charisma
personal business,personal matters
personal chattel,chattel
personal check,personal cheque
personal cheque,personal check
personal computer,PC
personal credit line,credit line
personal digital assistant,PDA
personal effects,effects
personal estate,personal property
personal identification number,PIN
personal identity,identity
personal judgement,judgment in personam
personal judgment,judgment in personam
personal line of credit,credit line
personal loan,consumer loan
personal magnetism,charisma
personal manner,manner
personal matters,personal business
personal memory,episodic memory
personal organiser,personal digital assistant
personal organizer,personal digital assistant
personal property,personal estate
personal relation,personal relationship
personal relationship,personal relation
personality assessment,personality inventory
personality inventory,personality assessment
personalty,personal property
personation,impersonation
personification,prosopopoeia
personnel,force
personnel casualty,loss
personnel department,personnel office
personnel office,personnel department
personnel pouch,body bag
perspective,position
perspex,Lucite
perspicaciousness,shrewdness
perspicacity,shrewdness
perspicuity,perspicuousness
perspicuousness,perspicuity
perspiration,sweat
perspirer,sweater
persuader,inducer
persuasion,suasion
persuasiveness,strength
pertinacity,doggedness
pertinence,applicability
pertinency,applicability
pertness,impertinence
perturbation,disturbance
pertussis,whooping cough
peruke,periwig
perusal,perusing
perusing,perusal
peruvian bark,cinchona
peruvian mastic tree,pepper tree
pervasion,permeation
perverseness,contrariness
perversion,sexual perversion
perversity,contrariness
pervert,deviant
perviousness,penetrability
pes,foot
pes cavus,clawfoot
pes planus,flatfoot
pesach,Passover
pesah,Passover
pesantran,pesantren
pesantren,pesantran
peseta,Spanish peseta
peso,Uruguayan peso
pessary,diaphragm
pest,plague
pesterer,pest
pesthouse,lazaretto
pestilence,plague
pestis,plague
pestis ambulans,ambulant plague
pestis bubonica,bubonic plague
pestle,stamp
pet-food,petfood
pet food,petfood
pet name,hypocorism
pet scanner,positron emission tomography scanner
pet sitter,critter sitter
petabit,Pbit
petabyte,PB
petal,flower petal
petasites fragrans,winter heliotrope
petasites hybridus,butterbur
petasites sagitattus,sweet coltsfoot
petasites vulgaris,butterbur
petaurista petaurista,taguan
petchary,grey kingbird
pete seeger,Seeger
peter's gland,Peyer's patch
peter's pence,hearth money
peter abelard,Abelard
peter alexander ustinov,Ustinov
peter behrens,Behrens
peter carl faberge,Faberge
peter carl goldmark,Goldmark
peter cooper,Cooper
peter goldmark,Goldmark
peter ilich tchaikovsky,Tchaikovsky
peter lorre,Lorre
peter mark roget,Roget
peter medawar,Medawar
peter minnewit,Minuit
peter minuit,Minuit
peter o'toole,O'Toole
peter paul mauser,Mauser
peter paul rubens,Rubens
peter seamus o'toole,O'Toole
peter seeger,Seeger
peter sellers,Sellers
peter stuyvesant,Stuyvesant
peter tchaikovsky,Tchaikovsky
peter the great,Peter I
peterburg,St. Petersburg
petersburg campaign,Petersburg
petfood,pet-food
petiole,leafstalk
petit bourgeois,petite bourgeoisie
petit dejeuner,continental breakfast
petit juror,petty juror
petit jury,petty jury
petit larceny,petty larceny
petit mal,petit mal epilepsy
petit mal epilepsy,petit mal
petit point,tent stitch
petite bourgeoisie,petit bourgeois
petite marmite,minestrone
petiteness,diminutiveness
petitio,petitio principii
petitio principii,petitio
petition,request
petitioner,suppliant
petrarca,Petrarch
petrifaction,petrification
petrification,petrifaction
petrograd,St. Petersburg
petrol,gasoline
petrol bomb,Molotov cocktail
petrol engine,gasoline engine
petrol gage,gasoline gauge
petrol gauge,gasoline gauge
petrol line,fuel line
petrol pump,gas pump
petrol station,gasoline station
petrol tank,gas tank
petrolatum,petroleum jelly
petroleum,crude oil
petroleum future,oil future
petroleum geologist,oil geologist
petroleum jelly,petrolatum
petroleum refinery,oil refinery
petrology,lithology
petromyzon marinus,sea lamprey
petronius arbiter,Petronius
petroselinum crispum,parsley
petroselinum crispum neapolitanum,Italian parsley
petroselinum crispum tuberosum,Hamburg parsley
petrus stuyvesant,Stuyvesant
petter,fondler
petteria ramentacea,Dalmatian laburnum
petticoat,half-slip
pettifogger,shyster
pettifoggery,bicker
pettiness,triviality
petting,caressing
pettishness,temper
petty bourgeoisie,petit bourgeois
petty criticism,detraction
petty juror,petit juror
petty jury,petit jury
petty larceny,petit larceny
petty morel,American spikenard
petty officer,PO
petty spurge,devil's milk
petty whin,broom tree
petulance,irritability
petunia,genus Petunia
petunia axillaris,large white petunia
petunia hybrida,hybrid petunia
petunia integrifolia,violet-flowered petunia
peul,Fula
pew,church bench
pewee,peewee
pewit,laughing gull
pewit gull,laughing gull
peyote,mescal
peyton rous,Rous
peziza coccinea,blood cup
pezophaps solitaria,solitaire
pfalz,Palatinate
pfannkuchen,german pancake
pfc,perfluorocarbon
pflp,Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine
pflp-gc,Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command
ph scale,pH
phacelia,scorpionweed
phacelia campanularia,California bluebell
phacelia minor,California bluebell
phacelia tanacetifolia,fiddleneck
phacelia whitlavia,California bluebell
phaeochromocytoma,pheochromocytoma
phaeton,touring car
phage,bacteriophage
phagocyte,scavenger cell
phalacrocorax carbo,cormorant
phalacrosis,baldness
phalaenopsis amabilis,butterfly plant
phalaenoptilus nuttallii,poorwill
phalanger,opossum
phalangist,falangist
phalangium opilio,harvestman
phalaris aquatica,hardinggrass
phalaris arundinacea,reed canary grass
phalaris canariensis,canary grass
phalaris tuberosa,hardinggrass
phalaropus fulicarius,red phalarope
phalguna,Phagun
phallic phase,phallic stage
phallic stage,phallic phase
phallus impudicus,common stinkhorn
phalsa,Grewia asiatica
phanerogam,spermatophyte
phanerozoic aeon,Phanerozoic
phanerozoic eon,Phanerozoic
phantasm,apparition
phantasma,apparition
phantasy,illusion
phantasy life,fantasy life
phantasy world,fantasy world
phantom orchid,snow orchid
pharaoh's ant,pharaoh ant
pharaoh's chicken,Egyptian vulture
pharaoh ant,pharaoh's ant
pharaoh of egypt,Pharaoh
pharma,drug company
pharmaceutical chemist,pharmacologist
pharmaceutical company,drug company
pharmaceutics,pharmacy
pharmacist,druggist
pharmacological medicine,pharmacology
pharmacologist,pharmaceutical chemist
pharmacology,pharmacological medicine
pharmacopeia,formulary
pharmacy,pharmaceutics
pharomacrus mocino,resplendent quetzel
pharos,beacon
pharyngeal consonant,guttural
pharyngeal reflex,gag reflex
pharyngeal tonsil,adenoid
pharyngeal vein,vena pharyngeus
pharyngitis,sore throat
pharynx,throat
phascolarctos cinereus,koala
phase,stage
phase angle,phase
phase change,phase transition
phase i,phase I clinical trial
phase ii,phase II clinical trial
phase iii,phase III clinical trial
phase iv,phase IV clinical trial
phase modulation,PM
phase transition,phase change
phaseolus aconitifolius,moth bean
phaseolus acutifolius latifolius,tepary bean
phaseolus angularis,adzuki bean
phaseolus aureus,mung
phaseolus caracalla,snailflower
phaseolus coccineus,scarlet runner
phaseolus limensis,lima bean
phaseolus lunatus,sieva bean
phaseolus multiflorus,scarlet runner
phaseolus vulgaris,common bean
phasianus colchicus,ring-necked pheasant
phasmatidae,Phasmidae
phasmatodea,Phasmida
phasmid,phasmid insect
phasmid insect,phasmid
phatic communication,phatic speech
phatic speech,phatic communication
phd,Ph.D.
pheasant's-eye,Adonis annua
pheasant coucal,pheasant cuckoo
pheasant cuckoo,pheasant coucal
phegopteris connectilis,long beech fern
phegopteris hexagonoptera,broad beech fern
pheidias,Phidias
phellem,cork
phellodendron amurense,cork tree
phenacetin,acetophenetidin
phenaphen,acetaminophen
phenazopyridine,Pyridium
phencyclidine,phencyclidine hydrochloride
phencyclidine hydrochloride,phencyclidine
phenelzine,Nardil
phenergan,promethazine
phenicia,Phoenicia
phenobarbital,sodium thiopental
phenobarbitone,sodium thiopental
phenol,carbolic acid
phenolic,phenolic resin
phenolic plastic,phenolic urea
phenolic resin,phenolic
phenolic urea,phenolic plastic
phenoplast,phenolic resin
phenothiazine,thiodiphenylamine
phenoxymethyl penicillin,penicillin V
phensuximide,Milontin
phentolamine,Vasomax
phenyl salicylate,salol
phenylacetamide,acetanilide
phenylamine,aniline
phenylbutazone,Butazolidin
phenylethylene,styrene
phenylic acid,carbolic acid
phenylketonuria,PKU
phenytoin,diphenylhydantoin
pheochromocytoma,phaeochromocytoma
pheresis,apheresis
phi coefficient,phi correlation
phi correlation,phi coefficient
phial,vial
phil anderson,Anderson
philadelphia pepper pot,pepper pot
philadelphus coronarius,mock orange
philaenus spumarius,meadow spittlebug
philanderer,womanizer
philanthropic gift,philanthropy
philanthropist,altruist
philanthropy,philanthropic gift
philatelist,stamp collector
philately,stamp collecting
philharmonic pitch,concert pitch
philhellenist,philhellene
philia,affection
philibert de l'orme,Delorme
philibert delorme,Delorme
philip anderson,Anderson
philip augustus,Philip II
philip dormer stanhope,Chesterfield
philip ii of macedon,Philip II
philip ii of spain,Philip II
philip marlowe,Marlowe
philip michael ondaatje,Ondaatje
philip milton roth,Roth
philip of valois,Philip VI
philip roth,Roth
philip warren anderson,Anderson
philipp lenard,Lenard
philipp melanchthon,Melanchthon
philipp schwarzerd,Melanchthon
philippians,Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Philippians
philippic,tirade
philippine cedar,Philippine mahogany
philippine islands,Philippines
philippopolis,Plovdiv
philippus aureolus paracelsus,Paracelsus
philistinism,materialism
phillidae,Phyllidae
phillis wheatley,Wheatley
philohela minor,American woodcock
philologist,philologue
philologue,philologist
philology,linguistics
philomachus pugnax,ruff
philosopher's stone,philosophers' stone
philosopher's wool,zinc oxide
philosophers' stone,philosopher's stone
philosophers' wool,zinc oxide
philosophical doctrine,philosophical theory
philosophical system,doctrine
philosophical theory,philosophical doctrine
philosophiser,philosophizer
philosophizer,philosophiser
philosophy,doctrine
philosophy department,department of philosophy
philter,philtre
philtre,philter
phineas taylor barnum,Barnum
phiz,Browne
phlebodium aureum,golden polypody
phlebogram,venogram
phlebothrombosis,venous thrombosis
phlebotomus,sandfly fever
phlebotomus papatasii,sand fly
phlebotomy,venesection
phlegm,emotionlessness
phlegmasia alba dolens,milk leg
phleum pratense,timothy
phloem,bast
phlomis fruticosa,Jerusalem sage
phlox bifida,chickweed phlox
phlox family,Polemoniaceae
phlox stellaria,chickweed phlox
phlox subulata,moss pink
phobia,phobic disorder
phobic disorder,phobia
phobic neurosis,phobia
phoca vitulina,harbor seal
phocoena phocoena,harbor porpoise
phocoena sinus,vaquita
phocomelia,seal limbs
phoebe,five
phoebe bird,phoebe
phoebus,Apollo
phoebus apollo,Apollo
phoenicophorium,genus Phoenicophorium
phoenix dactylifera,date palm
phoenix tree,Chinese parasol tree
pholiota nameko,nameko
pholis gunnellus,rock gunnel
pholistoma auritum,fiesta flower
phonation,voice
phone,telephone
phone bill,telephone bill
phone book,phonebook
phone booth,telephone booth
phone call,call
phone card,calling card
phone company,telephone company
phone cord,telephone cord
phone jack,telephone jack
phone line,telephone line
phone message,telephone message
phone number,telephone number
phone plug,telephone plug
phone service,telephone company
phone system,telephone system
phone tapper,tapper
phonebook,phone book
phonemics,phonology
phoner,caller
phonetic alphabet,sound alphabet
phonograph,record player
phonograph album,record album
phonograph needle,needle
phonograph record,phonograph recording
phonograph recording,phonograph record
phonograph recording disk,acetate disk
phonologic system,phonological system
phonological system,phonologic system
phonology,phonemics
phonophobia,acousticophobia
phoradendron flavescens,American mistletoe
phoradendron serotinum,American mistletoe
phoronidea,Phoronida
phosphate,orthophosphate
phosphate buffer solution,PBS
phosphocreatine,creatine phosphate
phosphoric acid,orthophosphoric acid
phosphorous acid,hypophosphorous acid
phosphorus,P
photalgia,photophobia
photinia arbutifolia,toyon
photo,photograph
photo-offset,photo-offset printing
photo-offset printing,photo-offset
photo op,photo opportunity
photo opportunity,photo op
photoblepharon palpebratus,flashlight fish
photocell,photoelectric cell
photoconduction,photoconductivity
photoconductive cell,photoelectric cell
photoconductivity,photoconduction
photoelectric cell,photoconductive cell
photoengraving,halftone
photoflash,flash
photoflood,flood
photogelatin process,collotype
photograph,photo
photographer,lensman
photographic camera,camera
photographic density,optical density
photographic emulsion,emulsion
photographic film,film
photographic material,photographic paper
photographic paper,photographic material
photographic plate,plate
photographic print,print
photography,picture taking
photogravure,gravure
photomechanics,photoplate making
photometer,light meter
photometrician,photometrist
photometrist,photometrician
photomosaic,mosaic
photophobia,photalgia
photopic vision,daylight vision
photoplate making,photomechanics
photosensitivity,radiosensitivity
photostat machine,Photostat
phototrophic bacteria,phototropic bacteria
phototropic bacteria,phototrophic bacteria
photovoltaic cell,solar cell
phoxinus phoxinus,minnow
phragmacone,phragmocone
phragmites communis,ditch reed
phragmocone,phragmacone
phrasal idiom,idiom
phrase,musical phrase
phrase structure,syntax
phraseology,wording
phrasing,wording
phratry,family
phrenic nerve,nervus phrenicus
phrenic vein,vena phrenica
phrenitis,encephalitis
phrenologist,craniologist
phrynosoma cornutum,Texas horned lizard
phs,United States Public Health Service
phthirius pubis,crab louse
phthirus,Phthirius
phthisis,pulmonary tuberculosis
phthorimaea operculella,potato tuberworm
phycology,algology
phycomycetes group,Phycomycetes
phylactery,tefillin
phyllitis scolopendrium,hart's-tongue
phylloclad,cladode
phylloclade,cladode
phyllocladus alpinus,Alpine celery pine
phyllocladus asplenifolius,celery top pine
phyllocladus trichomanoides,tanekaha
phyllodoce breweri,purple heather
phyllodoce caerulea,mountain heath
phylloquinone,vitamin K1
phylloscopus sibilatrix,wood warbler
phyllostachys aurea,fishpole bamboo
phyllostachys bambusoides,giant timber bamboo
phyllostachys nigra,black bamboo
phyllostomatidae,Phyllostomidae
phylloxera vitifoleae,grape louse
phylogenesis,evolution
phylogenetic relation,affinity
phylogeny,evolution
phylum acanthocephala,Acanthocephala
phylum annelida,Annelida
phylum arthropoda,Arthropoda
phylum aschelminthes,Nematoda
phylum brachiopoda,Brachiopoda
phylum bryozoa,Bryozoa
phylum chaetognatha,Chaetognatha
phylum chordata,Chordata
phylum cnidaria,Cnidaria
phylum coelenterata,Cnidaria
phylum cryptophyta,Cryptophyta
phylum ctenophora,Ctenophora
phylum cycliophora,Cycliophora
phylum echinodermata,Echinodermata
phylum ectoprocta,Ectoprocta
phylum entoprocta,Entoprocta
phylum mollusca,Mollusca
phylum nematoda,Nematoda
phylum nemertea,Nemertea
phylum nemertina,Nemertea
phylum phoronida,Phoronida
phylum platyhelminthes,Platyhelminthes
phylum pogonophora,Pogonophora
phylum porifera,Porifera
phylum protozoa,Protozoa
phylum pyrrophyta,Pyrrophyta
phylum rotifera,Rotifera
phylum sipuncula,Sipuncula
physalis alkekengi,Chinese lantern plant
physalis ixocarpa,tomatillo
physalis peruviana,cape gooseberry
physalis philadelphica,tomatillo
physalis pruinosa,strawberry tomato
physalis pubescens,downy ground cherry
physalis viscosa,yellow henbane
physeter catodon,sperm whale
physiatrics,physical therapy
physic,purgative
physic nut,Jatropha curcus
physical attraction,sexual desire
physical body,human body
physical change,phase change
physical composition,constitution
physical condition,physiological state
physical contact,contact
physical exercise,exercise
physical exertion,exercise
physical fitness,fitness
physical geography,physiography
physical object,object
physical pendulum,compound pendulum
physical process,process
physical rehabilitation,physical restoration
physical restoration,physical rehabilitation
physical science,physics
physical structure,body
physical therapist,physiotherapist
physical therapy,physiotherapy
physical value,reproduction cost
physicalism,materialism
physicality,animalism
physicalness,materiality
physician,doctor
physics,natural philosophy
physics department,department of physics
physics lab,physics laboratory
physics laboratory,physics lab
physiognomy,countenance
physiography,physical geography
physiological anatomy,functional anatomy
physiological condition,physical condition
physiological jaundice of the newborn,jaundice of the newborn
physiological psychology,neuropsychology
physiological reaction,reflex
physiological state,physical condition
physiotherapist,physical therapist
physiotherapy,physical therapy
physique,build
physostegia virginiana,false dragonhead
physostigma venenosum,calabar-bean vine
phytelephas,genus Phytelephas
phytelephas macrocarpa,ivory palm
phytohormone,plant hormone
phytolacca acinosa,Indian poke
phytolacca americana,poke
phytolacca dioica,ombu
phytologist,botanist
phytology,botany
phytonadione,vitamin K1
phytotherapy,herbal therapy
phytotoxin,plant toxin
pi,private detective
pi-meson,pion
pia,Indian arrowroot
pianist,piano player
piano accordion,accordion
piano damper,damper block
piano keyboard,fingerboard
piano player,pianist
piano stool,music stool
piano tuner,tuner
pianoforte,piano
pianola,mechanical piano
piassava palm,pissaba palm
piaster,piastre
piastre,piaster
piazza,plaza
pib,petabyte
pibgorn,hornpipe
pibit,pebibit
pic,movie
pica,em
pica-pica,spurge nettle
pica em,em
pica pica,European magpie
pica pica hudsonia,American magpie
picaninny,pickaninny
picardy,Picardie
piccaninny,pickaninny
picea abies,Norway spruce
picea breweriana,weeping spruce
picea engelmannii,Engelmann spruce
picea glauca,white spruce
picea mariana,black spruce
picea obovata,Siberian spruce
picea orientalis,oriental spruce
picea pungens,Colorado spruce
picea rubens,red spruce
picea sitchensis,Sitka spruce
pichi,Fabiana imbricata
pichiciago,pichiciego
pichiciego,pichiciago
pick,choice
pick-me-up,pickup
pickaback plant,piggyback plant
pickaninny,piccaninny
pickax,pick
pickaxe,pick
picker,chooser
pickerel frog,Rana palustris
pickerel weed,pickerelweed
pickerelweed,pickerel weed
pickerelweed family,Pontederiaceae
pickeringia montana,chaparral pea
picket,lookout
picket fence,paling
picking,pick
pickings,taking
pickle,fix
picklepuss,sourpuss
picknicker,picnicker
pickpocket,cutpurse
pickup,pickup truck
pickup arm,tone arm
pickup truck,pickup
picnic,field day
picnic area,picnic ground
picnic ground,picnic area
picnic ham,picnic shoulder
picnic shoulder,picnic ham
picnicker,picknicker
pico de orizaba,Citlaltepetl
picometer,picometre
picometre,picometer
picrasma excelsa,Jamaica quassia
picrasma excelsum,Jamaica quassia
picris echioides,oxtongue
pictorial matter,picture
pictorial representation,picturing
picture,image
picture card,face card
picture element,pixel
picture gallery,gallery
picture palace,cinema
picture show,movie
picture taking,photography
picture tube,kinescope
picturing,envisioning
picus viridis,green woodpecker
pid,pelvic inflammatory disease
piddle,urine
pidlimdi,Tera
pie,Proto-Indo European
pie-dog,pariah dog
pie crust,pie shell
pie plant,garden rhubarb
pie shell,pie crust
piece,part
piece de resistance,collector's item
piece goods,yard goods
piece of ass,fuck
piece of cake,cinch
piece of cloth,piece of material
piece of furniture,furniture
piece of ground,tract
piece of land,tract
piece of material,piece of cloth
piece of music,musical composition
piece of paper,sheet
piece of tail,fuck
piece of work,work
piece of writing,writing
pied-billed grebe,Podilymbus podiceps
pied piper of hamelin,Pied Piper
piedmont type of glacier,Piedmont glacier
piemonte,Piedmont
pieplant,rhubarb
pier,wharf
pier glass,pier mirror
pier luigi nervi,Nervi
pier mirror,pier glass
pierid,pierid butterfly
pierid butterfly,pierid
pieris brassicae,large white
pieris floribunda,fetterbush
pieris japonica,andromeda
pieris protodice,southern cabbage butterfly
pieris rapae,cabbageworm
pierre-paul broca,Broca
pierre abelard,Abelard
pierre athanase larousse,Larousse
pierre auguste renoir,Renoir
pierre boulez,Boulez
pierre charles l'enfant,L'Enfant
pierre corneille,Corneille
pierre curie,Curie
pierre de fermat,Fermat
pierre de terrail,Bayard
pierre joseph proudhon,Proudhon
pierre larousse,Larousse
pierre simon de laplace,Laplace
pierre teilhard de chardin,Teilhard de Chardin
pierre terrail,Bayard
piet mondrian,Mondrian
pieter breughel,Brueghel
pieter bruegel,Brueghel
pieter brueghel,Brueghel
pieter brueghel the elder,Brueghel
pieter zeeman,Zeeman
piety,piousness
piezo effect,piezoelectricity
piezoelectric effect,piezoelectricity
piezoelectricity,piezoelectric effect
piffle,balderdash
pig,hog
pig's ears,Cantharellus clavatus
pig bed,pig
pig farm,piggery
pig laurel,sheep laurel
pigboat,submarine
pigeon-pea plant,pigeon pea
pigeon berry,poke
pigeon breast,chicken breast
pigeon guillemot,Cepphus columba
pigeon hawk,merlin
pigeon loft,loft
pigeon pea,pigeon-pea plant
pigeonhole,cubbyhole
pigeonholing,grouping
pigfish,giant pigfish
piggery,pig farm
piggishness,greediness
piggy bank,penny bank
piggyback plant,pickaback plant
pigheadedness,stubbornness
piglet,piggy
pigman,swineherd
pigment,paint
pigmy,pygmy
pigmy talinum,Talinum brevifolium
pignolia,pine nut
pignut,pignut hickory
pignut hickory,pignut
pigpen,sty
pigs' feet,pigs' knuckles
pigs' knuckles,pigs' feet
pigsty,sty
pigswill,slop
pigwash,slop
pigweed,lamb's-quarters
pij,Palestine Islamic Jihad
pika,mouse hare
pike,expressway
pike-perch,pike perch
pike perch,pike-perch
piked whale,lesser rorqual
pilaf,pilaff
pilaff,pilaf
pilar cyst,sebaceous cyst
pilau,pilaf
pilaw,pilaf
pilchard,sardine
pile,heap
pile dwelling,lake dwelling
pilea involucrata,friendship plant
pilea microphylla,artillery plant
pilea pumilla,richweed
piles,hemorrhoid
pileus,cap
pilewort,lesser celandine
pilferer,sneak thief
pilgrim's journey,pilgrimage
pilgrim father,Pilgrim
pilgrimage,pilgrim's journey
piling,pile
pill,lozenge
pill pusher,pharmacist
pill roller,pharmacist
pillage,loot
pillager,plunderer
pillaging,plundering
pillar,column
pillar of strength,tower of strength
pillbox,toque
pillock,stupid
pillow lace,bobbin lace
pillow slip,case
pillowcase,case
pillwort,Pilularia globulifera
pilomotor reflex,gooseflesh
pilosella aurantiaca,orange hawkweed
pilosella officinarum,mouse-ear hawkweed
pilosity,hairiness
pilot,airplane pilot
pilot biscuit,hardtack
pilot blacksnake,black rat snake
pilot bread,hardtack
pilot burner,pilot light
pilot chart,naval chart
pilot film,pilot program
pilot ladder,Jacob's ladder
pilot lamp,pilot light
pilot light,pilot burner
pilot program,pilot project
pilot project,pilot program
pilot whale,black whale
pilotage,navigation
pilotfish,Naucrates ductor
pilothouse,wheelhouse
piloting,navigation
pilotless aircraft,drone
pilsener,Pilsner
piltdown hoax,Piltdown man
pilularia globulifera,pillwort
pilus,hair
pimenta acris,bayberry
pimenta dioica,allspice
pimenta officinalis,allspice tree
pimento,sweet pepper
pimento tree,allspice
pimiento,sweet pepper
pimp,procurer
pimpernel,salad burnet
pimpinella anisum,anise
pimple,hickey
pin,fall
pin-tailed duck,pintail
pin-tailed grouse,pin-tailed sandgrouse
pin-tailed sandgrouse,pin-tailed grouse
pin-up,cover girl
pin cherry,Prunus pensylvanica
pin clover,redstem storksbill
pin grass,redstem storksbill
pin money,pocket money
pin number,personal identification number
pin oak,swamp oak
pin table,pinball machine
pin tumbler,pin
pinafore,jumper
pinball,pinball game
pinball game,pinball
pinball machine,pin table
pincer,pair of pincers
pinch,touch
pinchas zukerman,Zukerman
pinche,Leontocebus oedipus
pinckneya pubens,fever tree
pinctada margaritifera,pearl oyster
pincushion flower,sweet scabious
pincushion hakea,cushion flower
pindaric,Pindaric ode
pindolol,Visken
pine,pine tree
pine-barren sandwort,longroot
pine-weed,orange grass
pine family,Pinaceae
pine fern,Anemia adiantifolia
pine finch,pine siskin
pine grosbeak,Pinicola enucleator
pine hyacinth,Clematis baldwinii
pine leaf aphid,Pineus pinifoliae
pine lily,tiger lily
pine lizard,eastern fence lizard
pine marten,Martes martes
pine mouse,pine vole
pine nut,pignolia
pine siskin,pine finch
pine tree,pine
pine tree state,Maine
pine vole,pine mouse
pineal body,pineal gland
pineal eye,third eye
pineal gland,pineal body
pineapple,pineapple plant
pineapple family,Bromeliaceae
pineapple guava,feijoa
pineapple plant,pineapple
pineapple weed,rayless chamomile
pinesap,false beachdrops
pineus pinifoliae,pine leaf aphid
pineweed,orange grass
pinfish,sailor's-choice
ping-pong,table tennis
ping-pong table,table-tennis table
ping river,Ping
pingpong paddle,table-tennis racquet
pingpong table,table-tennis table
pinguinus impennis,great auk
pinhead,dumbbell
pinicola enucleator,pine grosbeak
pinion,flight feather
pinion and crown wheel,bevel gear
pinion and ring gear,bevel gear
pink-and-white everlasting,pink paper daisy
pink bollworm,Gelechia gossypiella
pink calla,Zantedeschia rehmanii
pink cockatoo,Kakatoe leadbeateri
pink disease fungus,Corticium salmonicolor
pink family,Caryophyllaceae
pink fivecorner,Styphelia triflora
pink fritillary,adobe lily
pink of my john,wild pansy
pink paper daisy,pink-and-white everlasting
pink sand verbena,beach sand verbena
pink shower,pink shower tree
pink shower tree,pink shower
pink slip,dismissal
pink wine,blush wine
pinkeye,conjunctivitis
pinkie,little finger
pinko,pink
pinky,little finger
pinna,pinnule
pinnace,tender
pinnacle,acme
pinnatiped,pinniped mammal
pinniped,pinniped mammal
pinniped mammal,pinniped
pinnotheres ostreum,oyster crab
pinnule,pinna
pinny,jumper
pinochle,pinocle
pinocle,pinochle
pinon,pinyon
pinon nut,pine nut
pinon pine,Mexican nut pine
pinophytina,Pinopsida
pinot chardonnay,Chardonnay
pinot grape,Pinot
pinpoint,speck
pint,dry pint
pintado,cero
pintail,pin-tailed duck
pinus albicaulis,whitebark pine
pinus aristata,bristlecone pine
pinus attenuata,knobcone pine
pinus banksiana,jack pine
pinus californiarum,California single-leaf pinyon
pinus cembra,Swiss pine
pinus cembroides,pinon pine
pinus contorta,shore pine
pinus contorta murrayana,Sierra lodgepole pine
pinus densiflora,Japanese red pine
pinus echinata,shortleaf pine
pinus edulis,Rocky mountain pinon
pinus flexilis,limber pine
pinus glabra,spruce pine
pinus jeffreyi,Jeffrey pine
pinus longaeva,ancient pine
pinus monophylla,single-leaf
pinus monticola,western white pine
pinus mugo,Swiss mountain pine
pinus muricata,bishop pine
pinus nigra,black pine
pinus palustris,longleaf pine
pinus parryana,Parry's pinyon
pinus pinea,stone pine
pinus ponderosa,ponderosa
pinus pungens,table-mountain pine
pinus quadrifolia,Parry's pinyon
pinus radiata,Monterey pine
pinus resinosa,red pine
pinus rigida,pitch pine
pinus serotina,pond pine
pinus strobiformis,southwestern white pine
pinus strobus,American white pine
pinus sylvestris,Scotch pine
pinus taeda,loblolly pine
pinus thunbergii,Japanese black pine
pinus torreyana,Torrey pine
pinus virginiana,scrub pine
pinwheel,Aeonium haworthii
pinwheel flower,crape jasmine
pinwheel wind collector,pinwheel
pinworm,threadworm
pinyon,pinon
piolet,ice ax
pion,pi-meson
pioneer,innovator
pious platitude,cant
piousness,piety
pip,spot
pip-squeak,squirt
pipa americana,Surinam toad
pipa pipa,Surinam toad
pipage,pipe
pipal,pipal tree
pipal tree,pipal
pipe,tobacco pipe
pipe bowl,bowl
pipe clamp,pipe vise
pipe dream,dream
pipe fitter,plumber
pipe fitting,pipefitting
pipe of peace,calumet
pipe organ,organ
pipe vine,Dutchman's-pipe
pipe vise,pipe clamp
pipe wrench,tube wrench
pipeclay,terra alba
pipefish,needlefish
pipefitting,pipe fitting
pipeline,grapevine
piper,bagpiper
piper betel,betel
piper cubeba,cubeb
piper longum,long pepper
piper nigrum,pepper
piperacillin,Pipracil
piperin,piperine
piperine,piperin
piperocaine,piperocaine hydrochloride
piperocaine hydrochloride,piperocaine
pipestem clematis,Clematis lasiantha
pipet,pipette
pipette,pipet
pipework,organ pipe
pipewort,Eriocaulon aquaticum
pipewort family,Eriocaulaceae
pipilo erythrophthalmus,chewink
piping crow,piping crow-shrike
piping crow-shrike,piping crow
piping plover,Charadrius melodus
pipistrel,pipistrelle
pipistrelle,pipistrel
pipistrellus pipistrellus,pipistrelle
pipistrellus subflavus,eastern pipistrel
pipit,titlark
pipracil,piperacillin
pipsissewa,prince's pine
piptadenia macrocarpa,Anadenanthera colubrina
pipturus argenteus,Queensland grass-cloth plant
pipul,pipal
piquance,nip
piquancy,nip
piquantness,nip
pique,temper
piquet,picket
piracy,buccaneering
pirana,piranha
piranga flava hepatica,hepatic tanager
piranga ludoviciana,western tanager
piranga olivacea,scarlet tanager
piranga rubra,summer tanager
piranha,marauder
pirate,plagiarist
pirate flag,black flag
pirate ship,pirate
piriform area,pyriform area
piriform lobe,pyriform area
pirogi,piroshki
pirogue,dugout canoe
piroshki,pirogi
piroxicam,Feldene
pirozhki,pirogi
pis aller,last resort
pisanosaur,pisanosaurus
pisanosaurus,pisanosaur
piscary,fishery
pisces the fishes,Pisces
piscidia erythrina,Jamaica dogwood
piscidia piscipula,Jamaica dogwood
pisiform,pisiform bone
pisiform bone,pisiform
pismire,ant
pisonia aculeata,cockspur
piss,urine
pissaba palm,piassava palm
pisser,urinator
pissing,peeing
pistachio,Pistacia vera
pistachio nut,pistachio
pistachio tree,pistachio
pistacia lentiscus,mastic
pistacia terebinthus,terebinth
pistacia vera,pistachio
pistia,water lettuce
pistia stratiotes,pistia
pistia stratoites,pistia
pistol,handgun
pistol shrimp,snapping shrimp
piston chamber,cylinder
pisum arvense,field pea
pisum sativum,garden pea
pisum sativum arvense,field pea
pisum sativum macrocarpon,edible-pod pea
pit,cavity
pit-run gravel,bank gravel
pit bull terrier,American Staffordshire terrier
pit of the stomach,epigastric fossa
pit run,bank gravel
pita,pocket bread
pitahaya,pitahaya cactus
pitahaya cactus,pitahaya
pitanga,Surinam cherry
pitch,delivery
pitch accent,tonic accent
pitch apple,strangler fig
pitch black,coal black
pitch blackness,total darkness
pitch contour,intonation
pitch pine,longleaf pine
pitch shot,pitch
pitchblende,uraninite
pitcher,hurler
pitcher's mound,mound
pitcher-plant family,Sarraceniaceae
pitcher sage,Salvia spathacea
pitcherful,pitcher
pitching,lurch
pitchman,peddler
pitfall,booby trap
pith,kernel
pith hat,pith helmet
pith helmet,pith hat
pithecanthropus erectus,Pithecanthropus
pithecellobium dulce,manila tamarind
pithecellodium unguis-cati,cat's-claw
pithecolobium,Pithecellobium
pithiness,conciseness
pitilessness,cruelty
pitocin,oxytocin
pitot head,Pitot-static tube
pitprop,sprag
pitressin,vasopressin
pitt the elder,Pitt
pitt the younger,Pitt
pitting,roughness
pittsburgh of the south,Birmingham
pituitary body,pituitary
pituitary dwarf,hypophysial dwarf
pituitary gland,pituitary
pituophis melanoleucus,gopher snake
pity,commiseration
pitymys pinetorum,pine vole
pityrogramma argentea,silver fern
pityrogramma calomelanos,silver fern
pityrogramma calomelanos aureoflava,golden fern
pityrogramma chrysophylla,gold fern
piute,Paiute
pivot,pivot man
pivot joint,rotary joint
pivot man,pivot
pix,pyx
pix chest,pyx
pixel,pel
pixie,elf
pixy,pyxie
pizza,pizza pie
pizza parlor,pizzeria
pizza pie,pizza
pizza shop,pizzeria
pizzaz,dynamism
pizzazz,dynamism
pizzeria,pizza shop
pj's,pajama
pkd,polycystic kidney disease
pku,phenylketonuria
placard,poster
placation,conciliation
place,topographic point
place-kicker,placekicker
place-kicking,place kick
place-worship,topolatry
place kick,place-kicking
place name,toponym
place of birth,birthplace
place of business,business establishment
place of origin,birthplace
place of worship,house of prayer
place setting,setting
placeholder,proxy
placekicker,place-kicker
placeman,placeseeker
placement,arrangement
placement center,placement office
placement office,placement center
placental mammal,placental
placeseeker,placeman
placidity,placidness
placidness,placidity
placido domingo,Domingo
placidyl,ethchlorvynol
placuna placenta,window oyster
plagal cadence,amen cadence
plagianthus betulinus,ribbon tree
plagianthus regius,ribbon tree
plagiarisation,plagiarism
plagiariser,plagiarist
plagiarism,plagiarization
plagiarist,plagiarizer
plagiarization,plagiarism
plagiarizer,plagiarist
plagioclase,oligoclase
plague,pestilence
plague pneumonia,pneumonic plague
plaice,Pleuronectes platessa
plaid,tartan
plain clothes,civilian clothing
plain sailing,clear sailing
plain stitch,knit
plain turkey,Choriotis australis
plain wanderer,Pedionomus torquatus
plain weave,taffeta weave
plainchant,plainsong
plainness,perspicuity
plains lemon monarda,Monarda pectinata
plains pocket gopher,Geomys bursarius
plains pocket mouse,Perognathus flavescens
plains spadefoot,Scaphiopus bombifrons
plainsong,plainchant
plaint,lament
plaintiff,complainant
plaintiff in error,appellant
plait,braid
plan,program
plan of attack,approach
planaria,planarian
planarian,planaria
planchet,coin blank
plane-tree family,Platanaceae
plane figure,two-dimensional figure
plane section,section
plane ticket,airplane ticket
plane tree,sycamore
planeness,two-dimensionality
planer,plane
planet,major planet
planet gear,planetary gear
planet wheel,planetary gear
planetary gear,epicyclic gear
planetary house,sign of the zodiac
planetoid,minor planet
plangency,resonance
planimeter,integrator
planing machine,plane
plank,board
planner,contriver
planning,preparation
planning board,advisory board
planococcus citri,citrus mealybug
planographic printing,planography
planography,planographic printing
plant,works
plant bug,leaf bug
plant department,building department
plant fiber,plant fibre
plant fibre,plant fiber
plant food,fertilizer
plant hopper,planthopper
plant hormone,phytohormone
plant kingdom,Plantae
plant life,plant
plant louse,louse
plant material,plant substance
plant part,plant structure
plant process,enation
plant scientist,botanist
plant structure,plant part
plant substance,plant material
plant toxin,phytotoxin
plantagenet line,Plantagenet
plantago lanceolata,English plantain
plantago major,broad-leaved plantain
plantago media,hoary plantain
plantago psyllium,fleawort
plantago rugelii,rugel's plantain
plantago virginica,hoary plantain
plantain,plantain tree
plantain family,Plantaginaceae
plantain lily,day lily
plantain tree,plantain
plantation owner,planter
plantation walking horse,Tennessee walker
planter,plantation owner
planthopper,plant hopper
plantigrade mammal,plantigrade
plantsman,horticulturist
plaque,brass
plaquenil,hydroxychloroquine
plash,splash
plasm,germ plasm
plasma,plasm
plasma cell,plasmacyte
plasma membrane,cell membrane
plasma thromboplastin antecedent,factor XI
plasmacyte,plasma cell
plasmid,plasmid DNA
plasmid dna,plasmid
plasmin,fibrinolysin
plasminogen activator,urokinase
plasmodial slime mold,true slime mold
plasmodiophora brassicae,clubroot fungus
plasmodium,Plasmodium vivax
plasmodium vivax,plasmodium
plaster,plaster of Paris
plaster bandage,cast
plaster cast,cast
plasterboard,gypsum board
plasterer's float,float
plastering,daubing
plasterwork,plaster
plastic explosive,plastique
plastic film,film
plastic surgeon,cosmetic surgeon
plastic surgery,reconstructive surgery
plasticiser,plasticizer
plasticity,malleability
plasticizer,plasticiser
plastique,plastic explosive
plata river,Rio de la Plata
platalea leucorodia,common spoonbill
platan,plane tree
platanthera bifolia,lesser butterfly orchid
platanthera chlorantha,greater butterfly orchid
platanthera leucophea,prairie white-fringed orchid
platanus acerifolia,London plane
platanus occidentalis,American sycamore
platanus orientalis,oriental plane
platanus racemosa,California sycamore
platanus wrightii,Arizona sycamore
plate,home plate
plate armor,armor plate
plate armour,armor plate
plate glass,sheet glass
plate tectonic theory,tectonics
plate tectonics,tectonics
plateau,tableland
plateau striped whiptail,Cnemidophorus velox
plateful,plate
platelayer,tracklayer
platelet,blood platelet
platform,political platform
platichthys flesus,European flatfish
plating,metal plating
platinum,Pt
platinum blond,platinum blonde
platinum blonde,platinum blond
platinum thermometer,resistance thermometer
platitude,cliche
platonic body,regular polyhedron
platonic solid,regular polyhedron
platonic year,great year
plattdeutsch,Low German
platte river,Platte
plattensee,Balaton
platter,phonograph record
platy,Platypoecilus maculatus
platycerium alcicorne,common staghorn fern
platycerium andinum,South American staghorn
platycerium bifurcatum,common staghorn fern
platycladus orientalis,Oriental arborvitae
platyhelminth,flatworm
platylobium formosum,flat pea
platymiscium pinnatum,Panama redwood tree
platymiscium trinitatis,roble
platypoecilus maculatus,platy
platypus,duckbill
platystemon californicus,creamcups
plaudit,acclaim
plaudits,acclaim
plausibility,plausibleness
plausibleness,plausibility
plautus alle,little auk
plavix,clopidogrel bisulfate
play,drama
play-actor,barnstormer
play-box,playbox
play group,playschool
play list,playlist
playacting,acting
playactor,barnstormer
playbox,play-box
playboy,man-about-town
playday,playtime
player,participant
player piano,mechanical piano
playfellow,playmate
playfulness,gaiety
playgoer,theatergoer
playground,resort area
playground ball,softball
playground slide,slide
playhouse,wendy house
playing,acting
playing area,playing field
playing field,athletic field
playing period,period of play
playlist,play list
playlobium obtusangulum,common flat pea
playmate,playfellow
playpen,pen
playroom,rumpus room
playschool,play group
playscript,script
plaything,toy
playtime,playday
playwright,dramatist
plaza,place
plea,supplication
plea bargain,plea bargaining
plea bargaining,plea bargain
plea of insanity,insanity plea
pleader,advocate
pleading in the alternative,alternative pleading
pleasance,pleasure
pleasant island,Nauru
pleasantness,sweetness
pleasingness,tastiness
pleasure,pleasance
pleasure-pain principle,pleasure principle
pleasure-unpleasure principle,pleasure principle
pleasure boat,cabin cruiser
pleasure craft,cabin cruiser
pleasure ground,amusement park
pleasure principle,pleasure-pain principle
pleasure seeker,hedonist
pleasure trip,excursion
pleat,plait
pleating,plication
pleb,plebeian
plebe,cadet
plecopteran,stonefly
plecotus townsendi,western big-eared bat
plectognath,plectognath fish
plectognath fish,plectognath
plectranthus amboinicus,country borage
plectron,pick
plectrophenax nivalis,snow bunting
plectrum,pick
pledge,toast
pleistocene epoch,Pleistocene
plenitude,plenty
plenteousness,plenty
plentifulness,plenty
plentitude,plenty
pleomorphic rhabdomyosarcoma,pleomorphic rhabdosarcoma
pleomorphic rhabdosarcoma,pleomorphic rhabdomyosarcoma
pleomorphism,polymorphism
pleonaste,Ceylonite
pleopod,swimmeret
plesiosaur,plesiosaurus
plesiosaurus,plesiosaur
plessimeter,pleximeter
plessor,plexor
plethodon cinereus,eastern red-backed salamander
plethodon vehiculum,western red-backed salamander
plethodont,lungless salamander
plethora,overplus
pleuralgia,pleurodynia
pleurisy root,butterfly weed
pleurocarp,pleurocarpous moss
pleurocarpous moss,pleurocarp
pleurodynia,pleuralgia
pleuronectes platessa,plaice
pleuropneumonialike organism,PPLO
pleurotus ostreatus,oyster mushroom
pleurotus phosphoreus,olive-tree agaric
pleven,Plevna
plexiglass,Plexiglas
pleximeter,plessimeter
pleximetry,percussion
plexor,plessor
plexus,rete
plexus autonomici,autonomic plexus
plexus brachialis,brachial plexus
plexus cardiacus,cardiac plexus
plexus caroticus,carotid plexus
plexus celiacus,solar plexus
plexus cervicalis,cervical plexus
plexus choroideus,choroid plexus
plexus coccygeus,coccygeal plexus
plexus hypogastricus,hypogastric plexus
plexus lumbalis,lumbar plexus
plexus mesentericus,mesenteric plexus
plexus myentericus,myenteric plexus
plexus periarterialis,periarterial plexus
plexus pulmonalis,pulmonary plexis
plexus sacralis,sacral plexus
plf,Palestine Liberation Front
pliability,bendability
pliancy,pliantness
pliantness,pliancy
plica,fold
plica vocalis,vocal cord
plication,fold
plier,plyer
pliers,pair of pliers
plight,predicament
plimsoll,load line
plimsoll line,load line
plimsoll mark,load line
plinth,pedestal
pliny the elder,Pliny
pliny the younger,Pliny
pliocene epoch,Pliocene
plo,Palestine Liberation Organization
ploceus philippinus,baya
plod,plodding
plodder,trudger
plosion,explosion
plosive,stop consonant
plosive consonant,stop consonant
plosive speech sound,stop consonant
plot,secret plan
plot line,storyline
plot of ground,plot
plot of land,plot
plotter,schemer
plough,Big Dipper
plough horse,plow horse
ploughboy,plowboy
ploughing,plowing
ploughland,cultivated land
ploughman,plowman
ploughshare,plowshare
ploughwright,plowwright
plow,plough
plow horse,plough horse
plowboy,ploughboy
plower,plowman
plowing,ploughing
plowland,cultivated land
plowman,ploughman
plowshare,ploughshare
plowwright,ploughwright
ploy,gambit
pluck,gutsiness
pluckiness,gutsiness
plug,stopper
plug-in,circuit board
plug-ugly,tough guy
plug hat,bowler hat
plugboard,switchboard
plugger,promoter
plum-fruited yew,Prumnopitys andina
plum-yew family,Cephalotaxaceae
plum duff,duff
plum pudding,Christmas pudding
plum tree,plum
plumage,feather
plumb bob,plumb
plumb line,perpendicular
plumbago,graphite
plumbago europaea,leadwort
plumber,pipe fitter
plumber's helper,plunger
plumber's snake,auger
plumbery,plumbing
plumbing,plumbing system
plumbing system,plumbing
plumbism,lead poisoning
plumcot,plumcot tree
plumcot tree,plumcot
plume,feather
plume poppy,bocconia
plume thistle,plumed thistle
plumed scorpionfish,Scorpaena grandicornis
plumed thistle,plume thistle
plumed tussock,toe toe
plumeria acutifolia,pagoda tree
plumeria alba,West Indian jasmine
plumiera,Plumeria
plummet,plumb bob
plumpness,embonpoint
plunder,loot
plunderer,pillager
plunge,dip
plunger,speculator
plunker,plunk
pluperfect tense,past perfect
plural form,plural
pluralisation,pluralization
plurality,battalion
pluralization,pluralisation
pluteus cervinus,deer mushroom
pluton,batholith
plutonic rock,batholith
plutonium,Pu
plutonium bomb,atom bomb
plutonium pit,plutonium trigger
plutonium trigger,plutonium pit
pluvianus aegyptius,crocodile bird
pluviometer,rain gauge
plyboard,plywood
plyer,plier
plyers,pliers
plywood,plyboard
plzen,Pilsen
pm,autopsy
pms,premenstrual syndrome
pneumatic caisson,caisson
pneumatic hammer,air hammer
pneumatic tire,pneumatic tyre
pneumatic tyre,pneumatic tire
pneumococcal vaccine,Pneumovax
pneumococcus,Diplococcus pneumoniae
pneumoconiosis,pneumonoconiosis
pneumocystis carinii pneumonia,pneumocytosis
pneumocystis pneumonia,pneumocytosis
pneumocytosis,pneumocystis pneumonia
pneumoencephalogram,encephalogram
pneumogastric nerve,vagus
pneumonic plague,pulmonic plague
pneumonoconiosis,pneumoconiosis
pneumovax,pneumococcal vaccine
pnom penh,Phnom Penh
po,polonium
po box,Post-Office box
po box no,post-office box number
po box number,post-office box number
po hai,Bo Hai
po river,Po
poa nemoralis,wood meadowgrass
poa pratensis,Kentucky bluegrass
poaceae,Gramineae
poached egg,dropped egg
poacher,sea poacher
pob,Post-Office box
pobedy peak,Pobeda Peak
pochard,Aythya ferina
pocket,pouch
pocket billiards,pool
pocket book,pocketbook
pocket bread,pita
pocket calculator,hand calculator
pocket comb,pocketcomb
pocket dictionary,little dictionary
pocket edition,pocketbook
pocket flask,hipflask
pocket gopher,gopher
pocket knife,pocketknife
pocket lighter,cigar lighter
pocket money,pin money
pocketbook,wallet
pocketbook issue,bread-and-butter issue
pocketcomb,pocket comb
pocketed bat,pocketed freetail bat
pocketed freetail bat,pocketed bat
pocketknife,pocket knife
pod,cod
podiatrist,chiropodist
podiatry,chiropody
podiceps cristatus,great crested grebe
podiceps grisegena,red-necked grebe
podiceps nigricollis,black-necked grebe
podiceps ruficollis,dabchick
podicipediformes,Podicipitiformes
podilymbus podiceps,pied-billed grebe
podium,dais
podocarpus amara,Sundacarpus amara
podocarpus coriaceus,yacca
podocarpus dacrydioides,kahikatea
podocarpus elatus,brown pine
podocarpus elongatus,cape yellowwood
podocarpus family,Podocarpaceae
podocarpus ferruginea,miro
podocarpus latifolius,South-African yellowwood
podocarpus nivalis,alpine totara
podocarpus spicata,matai
podocarpus totara,totara
podophyllum peltatum,mayapple
podsol,podzol
podsol soil,podzol
podsolic soil,podzol
podzol,podzol soil
podzol soil,podzol
poeciliid,topminnow
poeciliid fish,topminnow
poecilocapsus lineatus,four-lined plant bug
poecilogale albinucha,snake muishond
poem,verse form
poenology,penology
poephila castanotis,zebra finch
poesy,poetry
poet-singer,folk singer
poetic justice,just deserts
poetic rhythm,rhythmic pattern
poetiser,rhymer
poetizer,rhymer
poetry,poesy
pogey,dole
pogge,armed bullhead
pogonia divaricata,spreading pogonia
pogonia rosea,rosebud orchid
pogonip,ice fog
pogonophoran,beard worm
pogostemon cablin,patchouli
pogy,dole
poignance,poignancy
poignancy,poignance
poikilotherm,ectotherm
poilu,purloo
poinciana gilliesii,bird of paradise
poinciana pulcherrima,pride of barbados
poinciana regia,royal poinciana
poinsettia,Christmas star
poinsettia strain,superbug
point,detail
point after,point after touchdown
point after touchdown,point after
point in time,point
point lace,needlepoint
point mutation,gene mutation
point of accumulation,limit
point of apoapsis,apoapsis
point of departure,jumping-off place
point of entry,port of entry
point of intersection,intersection
point of no return,Rubicon
point of periapsis,periapsis
point of reference,reference point
point of view,viewpoint
pointed-leaf maple,Acer argutum
pointedness,point
pointel,graver
pointer,arrow
pointlessness,inanity
pointrel,graver
poise,aplomb
poison,toxicant
poison-berry,black nightshade
poison arrow plant,winter sweet
poison ash,poison dogwood
poison bush,poison pea
poison camas,Zigadenus nuttalli
poison dogwood,poison ash
poison hemlock,hemlock
poison ivy,markweed
poison mercury,poison ivy
poison milkweed,horsetail milkweed
poison oak,poison ivy
poison parsley,hemlock
poison pea,poison bush
poison sumac,poison ash
poisonberry,black nightshade
poisoning,toxic condition
poisonous nightshade,bittersweet
poisonous parasol,Lepiota morgani
poisonous substance,poison
poitou,Poitou-Charentes
poitrine d'agneau,breast of lamb
poivrade,pepper sauce
poke,pigeon berry
poke bonnet,bonnet
poke milkweed,Asclepias exaltata
poker,stove poker
poker alumroot,poker heuchera
poker chip,chip
poker game,poker
poker heuchera,poker alumroot
poker plant,Kniphofia uvaria
pokeweed family,Phytolaccaceae
poking,jab
pol,politician
polanisia dodecandra,clammyweed
polanisia graveolens,clammyweed
polar bear,ice bear
polar front,cold front
polar hare,Arctic hare
polar region,Frigid Zone
polar star,Polaris
polar zone,Frigid Zone
polarimeter,polariscope
polarisation,polarization
polariscope,polarimeter
polarity,mutual opposition
polarization,polarisation
polaroid land camera,Polaroid camera
pole horse,poler
pole jump,pole vault
pole jumper,vaulter
pole jumping,pole vault
pole star,Polaris
pole vault,pole vaulting
pole vaulter,vaulter
pole vaulting,pole vault
poleax,poleaxe
poleaxe,poleax
polecat,skunk
polecat weed,skunk cabbage
polemicist,polemist
polemics,polemicist
polemist,polemicist
polemonium boreale,northern Jacob's ladder
polemonium caeruleum,Jacob's ladder
polemonium reptans,Greek valerian
polemonium van-bruntiae,Jacob's ladder
polemonium viscosum,skunkweed
poler,pole horse
polestar,Polaris
polianthes tuberosa,tuberose
police,police force
police blotter,blotter
police captain,captain
police car,cruiser
police chief,captain
police constable,constable
police cruiser,cruiser
police detective,detective
police force,police
police headquarters,police station
police investigation,police work
police lieutenant,lieutenant
police matron,policewoman
police officer,policeman
police sergeant,sergeant
police squad,squad
police station,police headquarters
police van,police wagon
police wagon,police van
police work,police investigation
policeman,police officer
policeman bird,black-necked stork
policewoman,police matron
policy,insurance policy
policy change,about-face
polio,poliomyelitis
poliomyelitis,polio
polish notation,prefix notation
polished rice,white rice
polisher,buffer
polishing,shining
politeness,niceness
politesse,chivalry
political action committee,PAC
political arena,political sphere
political boss,party boss
political campaign,campaign
political commissar,commissar
political contribution,political donation
political correctitude,political correctness
political correctness,political correctitude
political detainee,detainee
political donation,political contribution
political economy,economics
political entity,political unit
political hack,machine politician
political leader,politician
political liberty,civil liberty
political machine,machine
political orientation,ideology
political party,party
political platform,platform
political program,platform
political relation,politics
political science,politics
political sphere,political arena
political sympathies,politics
political system,form of government
political theory,political orientation
political unit,political entity
politician,politico
politico,politician
politics,political relation
polity,civil order
poll,opinion poll
poll parrot,poll
poll taker,pollster
pollachius pollachius,pollack
pollenation,pollination
pollex,thumb
pollination,pollenation
polling day,election day
polling place,polling station
polling station,polling place
pollinosis,hay fever
polliwog,tadpole
polls,poll
pollster,poll taker
polluter,defiler
pollution,befoulment
polly fish,parrotfish
pollyfish,parrotfish
pollywog,tadpole
polo-neck,turtleneck
polo-neck collar,turtleneck collar
polo mallet,polo stick
polo shirt,sport shirt
polo stick,polo mallet
polonium,Po
polska,Poland
polyamide,polymeric amide
polyanthus,Primula polyantha
polyarteritis nodosa,periarteritis nodosa
polyborus cheriway audubonii,Audubon's caracara
polyborus plancus,carancha
polybotria,Polybotrya
polybotria cervina,hart's-tongue
polybotrya cervina,hart's-tongue
polybutene,polybutylene
polybutylene,polybutene
polychaete,polychete
polychaete worm,polychaete
polychete,polychaete
polychete worm,polychaete
polycillin,ampicillin
polycystic kidney disease,PKD
polydactylus virginicus,barbu
polydactyly,hyperdactyly
polyergus rufescens,Amazon ant
polyethylene,polythene
polyfoam,polyurethane foam
polygala alba,senega
polygala lutea,orange milkwort
polygala paucifolia,flowering wintergreen
polygala senega,Seneca snakeroot
polygala vulgaris,common milkwort
polygenic disease,polygenic disorder
polygenic disorder,polygenic disease
polygon,polygonal shape
polygonal shape,polygon
polygonatum biflorum,great Solomon's-seal
polygonatum commutatum,great Solomon's-seal
polygonia comma,comma
polygonum aubertii,silver lace vine
polygonum fagopyrum,buckwheat
polygonum orientale,prince's-feather
polyhidrosis,hyperhidrosis
polymeric amide,polyamide
polymerisation,polymerization
polymerization,polymerisation
polymonium caeruleum van-bruntiae,Jacob's ladder
polymorphism,pleomorphism
polymox,amoxicillin
polyneuritic psychosis,alcoholic dementia
polyneuritis,multiple neuritis
polyodon spathula,paddlefish
polyoma,polyoma virus
polyoma virus,polyoma
polyose,polysaccharide
polyostotic fibrous dysplasia,Albright's disease
polyp,polypus
polyphemus moth,Antheraea polyphemus
polyphone,polyphonic letter
polyphonic letter,polyphone
polyphonic music,polyphony
polyphony,polyphonic music
polyplacophore,chiton
polypodiales,Filicales
polypodium aureum,golden polypody
polypodium glycyrrhiza,licorice fern
polypodium polypodioides,grey polypody
polypodium scouleri,leatherleaf
polypodium virgianum,rock polypody
polypodium vulgare,common polypody
polypore,pore fungus
polyporus frondosus,hen-of-the-woods
polyprion americanus,stone bass
polypropene,polypropylene
polypropenonitrile,Acrilan
polypropylene,polypropene
polypus,polyp
polysaccharide,polyose
polysemant,polysemantic word
polysemantic word,polysemant
polysemous word,polysemant
polysemy,lexical ambiguity
polystichum acrostichoides,Christmas fern
polystichum aculeatum,holly fern
polystichum adiantiformis,leather fern
polystichum braunii,Braun's holly fern
polystichum lonchitis,northern holly fern
polystichum scopulinum,western holly fern
polystichum setiferum,soft shield fern
polysyllabic word,polysyllable
polysyllable,polysyllabic word
polytechnic,polytechnic institute
polytechnic institute,polytechnic
polytetrafluoroethylene,Teflon
polythene,polyethylene
polytonalism,polytonality
polytonality,polytonalism
polyurethan,polyurethane
polyurethane,polyurethan
polyurethane foam,polyfoam
polyvalence,polyvalency
polyvalency,polyvalence
polyvinyl acetate,PVA
polyvinyl chloride,PVC
polyvinyl resin,vinyl polymer
polyzoa,Bryozoa
polyzoan,bryozoan
pom,pommy
pom-pom,pompon
pomace fly,fruit fly
pomacentrus leucostictus,beaugregory
pomade,pomatum
pomaderris apetala,hazel
pomatomus saltatrix,bluefish
pomatum,pomade
pome,false fruit
pomegranate,pomegranate tree
pomegranate tree,pomegranate
pomelo,pomelo tree
pomelo tree,pomelo
pomfret,Brama raii
pomme blanche,breadroot
pomme de prairie,breadroot
pommel,saddlebow
pommel horse,side horse
pommy,pom
pomolobus pseudoharengus,alewife
pomoxis annularis,white crappie
pomoxis nigromaculatus,black crappie
pomp,gaudery
pompey the great,Pompey
pompon,pom-pom
pomposity,ostentation
pompousness,ostentation
ponce,pimp
poncirus trifoliata,trifoliate orange
pond,pool
pond-apple tree,pond apple
pond-skater,water strider
pond apple,pond-apple tree
pond bald cypress,bald cypress
pond cypress,bald cypress
pond lily,water nymph
pond pine,Pinus serotina
ponderer,muser
ponderosa,ponderosa pine
ponderosa pine,ponderosa
ponderosity,heft
ponderousness,heaviness
pondweed,Elodea
pondweed family,Potamogetonaceae
pone,cornpone
pong,niff
pongamia glabra,Indian beech
pongid,great ape
pongo pygmaeus,orangutan
poniard,bodkin
ponka,Ponca
pons varolii,pons
ponstel,mefenamic acid
pontederia cordata,pickerelweed
pontiff,pope
pontificate,papacy
pontius pilate,Pilate
pontoon bridge,bateau bridge
pontoon plane,floatplane
pontos,Pontus
pony,trot
pony cart,ponycart
ponycart,pony cart
pooch,doggie
poodle,poodle dog
poodle dog,poodle
pooecetes gramineus,vesper sparrow
poof,fagot
pooh-bah,high-muck-a-muck
pool,pond
pool cue,cue
pool stick,cue
pool table,billiard table
poop,crap
poor box,alms box
poor boy,bomber
poor devil,wretch
poor fish,stupid
poor man's orchid,butterfly flower
poor man's pulse,horse gram
poor man's weatherglass,scarlet pimpernel
poor people,poor
poor person,have-not
poor speller,speller
poor white trash,white trash
poorness,poverty
poorwill,Phalaenoptilus nuttallii
poove,fagot
pop-fly,pop fly
pop-up,pop-up book
pop-up book,pop-up
pop bottle,soda bottle
pop fly,pop-fly
pop music,pop
popcorn,Zea mays everta
pope,Catholic Pope
pope's nose,parson's nose
pope alexander vi,Alexander VI
popery,papism
popillia japonica,Japanese beetle
poplar,poplar tree
poplar tree,poplar
popliteal artery,arteria poplitea
popliteal vein,vena poplitea
poppet,poppet valve
poppet valve,poppet
popping,pop
poppy day,Remembrance Day
poppy family,Papaveraceae
poppycock,stuff
popsicle,ice lolly
populace,public
popular democratic front for the liberation of palestine,Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine
popular music,popular music genre
popular music genre,popular music
popular opinion,public opinion
popularisation,popularization
populariser,popularizer
popularization,popularisation
popularizer,populariser
populated area,urban area
population,universe
population scientist,demographer
populist,democrat
populist party,People's Party
populus alba,white poplar
populus balsamifera,balsam poplar
populus canescens,grey poplar
populus deltoides,Eastern cottonwood
populus grandidentata,Canadian aspen
populus heterophylla,swamp cottonwood
populus nigra,black poplar
populus nigra italica,Lombardy poplar
populus tremula,quaking aspen
populus tremuloides,American quaking aspen
populus trichocarpa,black cottonwood
porbeagle,Lamna nasus
porc,pork
porcelain clay,china clay
porcupine,hedgehog
porcupine ball,porcupines
porcupine fish,porcupinefish
porcupine provision,shark repellent
porcupinefish,porcupine fish
porcupines,porcupine ball
pore,stoma
pore fungus,polypore
pore mushroom,polypore
porgy,scup
poriferan,sponge
poring over,perusal
pork,porc
pork-fish,porkfish
pork barrel,pork
pork roast,roast pork
porkfish,pork-fish
porkpie,porkpie hat
porkpie hat,porkpie
porn,pornography
porn merchant,pornographer
porno,pornography
pornographer,porn merchant
pornography,porno
poronotus triacanthus,dollarfish
poroporo,kangaroo apple
porosity,porousness
porousness,porosity
porphyrio porphyrio,European gallinule
porphyritic rock,porphyry
porphyrula martinica,American gallinule
porphyry,porphyritic rock
port-of-spain,Port of Spain
port-wine stain,nevus flammeus
port arthur,Lushun
port of entry,point of entry
port watcher,portwatcher
port wine,port
porta,orifice
portable circular saw,portable saw
portable saw,portable circular saw
portal,portal site
portal site,portal
portal tomb,dolmen
portal vein,hepatic portal vein
portent,omen
porter,doorkeeper
porter's beer,porter
porterhouse,porterhouse steak
porterhouse steak,porterhouse
porthole,port
portia tree,bendy tree
portion,part
portland cement,hydraulic cement
portmanteau,blend
portmanteau word,blend
porto rico,Puerto Rico
portrait,portrayal
portrait painter,portraitist
portraitist,portrait painter
portraiture,portrayal
portrayal,portraiture
portrayer,portraitist
portraying,depicting
portuguese cypress,Mexican cypress
portuguese guinea,Guinea-Bissau
portuguese heath,Spanish heath
portuguese republic,Portugal
portulaca grandiflora,rose moss
portulaca oleracea,common purslane
portunus puber,English lady crab
portwatcher,port watcher
porzana porzana,spotted crake
pos tagger,part-of-speech tagger
pose,airs
poser,poseur
poseur,poser
posing,sitting
posit,postulate
position,place
position paper,aide-memoire
positional notation,positional representation system
positional representation system,positional notation
positioner,rotary actuator
positive correlation,direct correlation
positive degree,positive
positive feedback,regeneration
positive fraud,fraud in fact
positive magnetic pole,positive pole
positive muon,antimuon
positive pole,positive magnetic pole
positive reinforcer,positive reinforcing stimulus
positive reinforcing stimulus,positive reinforcer
positiveness,positivity
positivism,logical positivism
positivity,positiveness
positron,antielectron
positron emission tomography,PET
positron emission tomography scanner,PET scanner
posse,posse comitatus
posse comitatus,posse
possession,ownership
possessive case,genitive
possessor,owner
possibility,possibleness
possible action,possibility
possibleness,possibility
possum,opossum
possum haw,bearberry
possum oak,water oak
possumwood,American persimmon
post,station
post-hole digger,posthole digger
post-horse,post horse
post-impressionist,Postimpressionist
post-maturity,post-menopause
post-menopause,post-maturity
post-mortem,postmortem
post-mortem examination,autopsy
post-office box number,PO box number
post card,postcard
post doc,postdoctoral
post exchange,PX
post hoc,post hoc ergo propter hoc
post hoc ergo propter hoc,post hoc
post hole,posthole
post horse,post-horse
post house,posthouse
post oak,box white oak
post office,local post office
postage,postage stamp
postage stamp,postage
postal card,postcard
postal clerk,mail clerk
postal code,ZIP code
postal order,money order
postal service,mail
postbag,mailbag
postbox,mailbox
postcard,post card
postcava,inferior vena cava
postcode,ZIP code
postdoc,postdoctoral
poste restante,general delivery
poster,posting
poster board,paperboard
poster color,tempera
poster colour,tempera
poster paint,tempera
posterboard,paperboard
posterior facial vein,retromandibular vein
posterior labial veins,venae labiales posteriores
posterior pituitary,posterior pituitary gland
posterior pituitary gland,posterior pituitary
posterior serratus muscle,serratus posterior
posterior temporal artery,arteria temporalis posterior
posterior vein of the left ventricle,vena posterior ventriculi sinistri
posteriority,subsequentness
posterity,descendants
postfix,suffix
postfix notation,suffix notation
posthole,post hole
posthole digger,post-hole digger
posthouse,post house
postiche,hairpiece
postilion,postillion
postillion,postilion
posting,poster
postman,mailman
postmortem examination,autopsy
postponement,delay
postponer,procrastinator
postscript,PS
posttraumatic amnesia,anterograde amnesia
posttraumatic epilepsy,traumatic epilepsy
posttraumatic stress disorder,PTSD
postulate,posit
postulation,predication
postural hypotension,orthostatic hypotension
posture,position
posy,bouquet
pot,toilet
pot cheese,cottage cheese
pot likker,liquor
pot liquor,liquor
pot marigold,common marigold
pot marjoram,oregano
potage,pottage
potage st. germain,green pea soup
potamogale,otter shrew
potamogale velox,otter shrew
potamogeton americanus,loddon pondweed
potamogeton crispus,curled leaf pondweed
potamogeton gramineous,variously-leaved pondweed
potamogeton nodosus,loddon pondweed
potamophis striatula,eastern ground snake
potash,caustic potash
potash alum,alum
potash muriate,potassium chloride
potassium,K
potassium acid carbonate,potassium bicarbonate
potassium alum,alum
potassium bicarbonate,potassium acid carbonate
potassium bitartrate,cream of tartar
potassium chloride,potassium muriate
potassium ferrocyanide,yellow prussiate of potash
potassium hydrogen carbonate,potassium bicarbonate
potassium hydrogen tartrate,cream of tartar
potassium hydroxide,potash
potassium muriate,potassium chloride
potassium nitrate,saltpeter
potassium permanganate,permanganate of potash
potassium sodium tartrate,Rochelle salt
potation,draft
potato,white potato
potato bean,yam bean
potato beetle,Colorado potato beetle
potato blight,potato mold
potato bug,Colorado potato beetle
potato chip,chip
potato disease,potato blight
potato family,Solanaceae
potato fern,Marattia salicina
potato fungus,Pellicularia filamentosa
potato mildew,potato blight
potato mold,potato blight
potato moth,potato tuber moth
potato murrain,potato blight
potato nose,rhinophyma
potato pancake,latke
potato peel,potato skin
potato peelings,potato skin
potato scab bacteria,Streptomyces scabies
potato skin,potato peel
potato tree,Brazilian potato tree
potato tuber moth,potato moth
potato tuberworm,Phthorimaea operculella
potato vine,giant potato creeper
potato wart fungus,Synchytrium endobioticum
potato worm,tomato hornworm
potato yellow dwarf,yellow dwarf of potato
potbelly,pot
potbelly stove,potbelly
potboy,potman
potence,potency
potency,authority
potentate,dictator
potential difference,electric potential
potential divider,voltage divider
potential drop,electric potential
potential energy,P.E.
potentiality,potential
potentilla anserina,silverweed
potentiometer,pot
poterium sanguisorba,salad burnet
potful,pot
pother,dither
pothole,chuckhole
potholer,spelunker
pothos,golden pothos
pothouse,public house
potman,potboy
potomac river,Potomac
potomania,dipsomania
potos caudivolvulus,kinkajou
potos flavus,kinkajou
potpourri,assortment
pottage,potage
potter,thrower
potter's clay,potter's earth
potter's earth,potter's clay
potterer,putterer
pottery,clayware
potto,kinkajou
potty chair,potty seat
potty seat,potty chair
potyokin,Potemkin
pouch,sac
pouched mammal,marsupial
pouched mole,marsupial mole
pouched mouse,marsupial mouse
pouched rat,gopher
poudrin,ice crystal
pouf,fagot
pouf paste,puff batter
pouffe,ottoman
poulet,chicken
poulterer,poultryman
poultice,cataplasm
poultry,domestic fowl
poultryman,poulterer
pound,lb
pound sign,pound
pound sterling,British pound
poundage,impoundment
poundal,pdl
pounder,pestle
pounding,buffeting
pounds per square inch,psi
pourboire,gratuity
pout,moue
pouter,sourpuss
pouter pigeon,pouter
pouteria campechiana nervosa,canistel
pouteria zapota,marmalade tree
poverty,poorness
poverty grass,beach heather
poverty level,poverty line
poverty line,poverty level
pow,prisoner of war
pow camp,prison camp
powder,pulverization
powder-post termite,Cryptotermes brevis
powder compact,compact
powder flask,powder horn
powder horn,powder flask
powder magazine,magazine
powder method,powder photography
powder photography,powder method
powder room,ladies' room
powder store,magazine
powder technique,powder photography
powdered ginger,ginger
powdered milk,dry milk
powdered mustard,dry mustard
powderiness,fineness
powderpuff,puff
power,powerfulness
power-assisted steering,power steering
power-station worker,power worker
power broker,powerbroker
power cable,power line
power company,power service
power failure,power outage
power grid,power system
power hammer,hammer
power hunger,status seeking
power law,Stevens' law
power line,power cable
power meter,electric meter
power mower,motor mower
power outage,power failure
power plant,power station
power play,squeeze play
power point,point
power politics,gunboat diplomacy
power pylon,pylon
power saw,saw
power service,power company
power shovel,excavator
power station,power plant
power steering,power-assisted steering
power structure,hierarchy
power system,power grid
power takeoff,PTO
power train,gearing
power worker,power-station worker
powerboat,motorboat
powerbroker,power broker
powerfulness,power
powerhouse,human dynamo
powerlessness,impotence
powwow,huddle
pox,syphilis
poyou,peludo
pozsony,Bratislava
ppk,Kurdistan Workers Party
pplo,pleuropneumonialike organism
ppp,palatopharyngoplasty
pr,praseodymium
pr man,press agent
practicability,practicableness
practicableness,practicability
practical application,application
practical joker,prankster
practical nurse,licensed practical nurse
practical politics,realpolitik
practice,pattern
practice game,exhibition game
practice of law,law
practice of medicine,medicine
practice session,exercise
practice teacher,student teacher
practician,practitioner
practitioner,practician
praesidium,presidium
praetor,pretor
praetorium,pretorium
prag,Prague
pragmatic sanction,pragmatic
pragmatics,pragmatic sanction
pragmatism,realism
praha,Prague
prairie anemone,American pasqueflower
prairie aster,Aster turbinellis
prairie berry,trompillo
prairie bird's-foot trefoil,compass plant
prairie chicken,prairie grouse
prairie coneflower,Ratibida tagetes
prairie cordgrass,freshwater cordgrass
prairie crab,Iowa crab
prairie dock,American feverfew
prairie dog,prairie marmot
prairie fire,grassfire
prairie fowl,prairie chicken
prairie fox,kit fox
prairie gentian,tulip gentian
prairie golden aster,hairy golden aster
prairie gourd,prairie gourd vine
prairie gourd vine,prairie gourd
prairie grass,broom beard grass
prairie grouse,prairie chicken
prairie lotus,prairie bird's-foot trefoil
prairie mallow,red false mallow
prairie marmot,prairie dog
prairie mimosa,prickle-weed
prairie orchid,prairie white-fringed orchis
prairie rattler,prairie rattlesnake
prairie rattlesnake,prairie rattler
prairie sage,western mugwort
prairie sagewort,wormwood sage
prairie schooner,covered wagon
prairie smoke,purple avens
prairie star,Lithophragma parviflorum
prairie state,Illinois
prairie sunflower,Helianthus petiolaris
prairie trefoil,prairie bird's-foot trefoil
prairie trillium,prairie wake-robin
prairie vole,Microtus ochrogaster
prairie wagon,covered wagon
prairie wake-robin,prairie trillium
prairie white-fringed orchid,Platanthera leucophea
prairie white-fringed orchis,prairie orchid
prairie willow,Salix humilis
prairie wolf,coyote
praise,congratulations
praiseworthiness,laudability
pram,baby buggy
prance,strut
prank,buffoonery
prankishness,rascality
prankster,cut-up
praseodymium,Pr
prat,buttocks
prate,prattle
prater,chatterer
pratfall,blunder
pratincole,glareole
prattle,prate
pravachol,pravastatin
pravastatin,Pravachol
prawn,shrimp
praxis,practice
prayer,supplication
prayer beads,rosary
prayer book,prayerbook
prayer mat,prayer rug
prayer meeting,prayer service
prayer rug,prayer mat
prayer service,prayer meeting
prayer shawl,tallith
prayerbook,prayer book
praying mantid,praying mantis
praying mantis,praying mantid
prazosin,Minipress
prc,China
pre-eclampsia,preeclampsia
pre-empt,preemptive bid
pre-emption,preemption
pre-emptor,preemptor
preacher,preacher man
preacher man,preacher
preaching,sermon
preachment,homily
precambrian aeon,Precambrian
precambrian eon,Precambrian
precambrian period,Precambrian
precariousness,uncertainty
precaution,safeguard
precava,superior vena cava
precedence,precedency
precedency,precedence
precentor,choirmaster
precept,principle
preceptor,don
precession,precedence
preciosity,preciousness
precious coral,coral
precious stone,jewel
preciousness,costliness
precipitance,abruptness
precipitancy,abruptness
precipitateness,abruptness
precipitation,downfall
precipitator,electrostatic precipitator
precipitousness,abruptness
precis,outline
preciseness,clearcutness
precision,preciseness
precision rifle,sniper rifle
preclinical phase,preclinical trial
preclinical test,preclinical trial
preclinical trial,preclinical test
preclusion,obviation
precociousness,precocity
precocity,precociousness
precognition,foreknowledge
preconceived idea,preconception
preconceived notion,preconception
preconceived opinion,preconception
preconception,prepossession
precondition,condition
precursor,forerunner
predation,depredation
predator,marauder
predatory animal,predator
predecessor,harbinger
predestination,foreordination
predestinationist,fatalist
predetermination,predestination
predicament,quandary
predicate,verb phrase
predicate calculus,functional calculus
predication,postulation
prediction,anticipation
predictor,forecaster
predilection,preference
predisposition,sensitivity
prednisolone,Pediapred
prednisone,Orasone
predominance,predomination
predomination,predominance
preeclampsia,pre-eclampsia
preemie,premature baby
preeminence,eminence
preempt,preemptive bid
preemption,pre-emption
preemptive bid,pre-empt
preemptor,pre-emptor
preen gland,uropygial gland
preface,foreword
preference,penchant
preference shares,preferred stock
preferred shares,preferred stock
preferred stock,preferred shares
prefiguration,foreshadowing
prefix notation,Lukasiewicz notation
preformation,theory of preformation
prefrontal cortex,prefrontal lobe
prefrontal leucotomy,lobotomy
prefrontal leukotomy,lobotomy
prefrontal lobe,prefrontal cortex
prefrontal lobotomy,lobotomy
pregnancy,gestation
pregnant chad,dimpled chad
prehension,grasping
prehistoric culture,prehistory
prehistory,prehistoric culture
preindication,augury
preinvasive cancer,carcinoma in situ
prejudgement,prejudgment
prejudgment,prejudgement
prejudice,bias
prelacy,prelature
prelate,archpriest
prelature,prelacy
prelim,preliminary
preliminary exam,preliminary examination
preliminary examination,preliminary exam
preliminary prospectus,red herring
prelims,front matter
prelone,prednisolone
prelude,preliminary
premature baby,preterm baby
premature infant,premature baby
premature labor,premature labour
premature labour,premature labor
premature ventricular contraction,PVC
prematureness,prematurity
prematurity,prematureness
premeditation,forethought
premenstrual syndrome,PMS
premie,premature baby
premise,premiss
premises,premise
premiss,premise
premix,mix
premolar,bicuspid
premonition,foreboding
prenanthes alba,white lettuce
prenanthes purpurea,rattlesnake root
prenanthes serpentaria,lion's foot
prentice,apprentice
preoccupancy,preoccupation
preoccupation,preoccupancy
preordination,predestination
prep,homework
prep school,preparatory school
preparation,readying
preparatory school,prep school
preparedness,readiness
preponderance,prevalence
prepositional object,object of a preposition
prepossession,preconception
prepotency,predominance
prepuce,foreskin
prepyloric vein,vena pylorica
prerogative,privilege
pres young,Young
presage,omen
presbyopia,farsightedness
presbytes entellus,entellus
preschooler,kindergartner
prescience,prevision
prescript,rule
prescription drug,prescription
prescription medicine,prescription drug
presence,front
present moment,here and now
present perfect,present perfect tense
present perfect tense,present perfect
present progressive,present progressive tense
present progressive tense,present progressive
present tense,present
present times,modern times
presentation,presentment
presenter,sponsor
presentiment,foreboding
presentment,notification
presentness,nowness
preservation,saving
preserve,conserve
preserver,refinisher
preserves,conserve
presidency,presidential term
president,President of the United States
president abraham lincoln,Lincoln
president adams,Adams
president andrew johnson,Johnson
president arthur,Arthur
president benjamin harrison,Harrison
president buchanan,Buchanan
president bush,Bush
president carter,Carter
president cleveland,Cleveland
president clinton,Clinton
president coolidge,Coolidge
president eisenhower,Eisenhower
president fillmore,Fillmore
president ford,Ford
president franklin roosevelt,Roosevelt
president garfield,Garfield
president george w. bush,Bush
president grant,Grant
president harding,Harding
president harrison,Harrison
president hayes,Hayes
president hoover,Hoover
president jefferson,Jefferson
president john adams,Adams
president john f. kennedy,Kennedy
president john quincy adams,Adams
president johnson,Johnson
president kennedy,Kennedy
president lincoln,Lincoln
president lyndon johnson,Johnson
president madison,Madison
president mckinley,McKinley
president monroe,Monroe
president nixon,Nixon
president pierce,Pierce
president polk,Polk
president reagan,Reagan
president roosevelt,Roosevelt
president taft,Taft
president taylor,Taylor
president theodore roosevelt,Roosevelt
president truman,Truman
president tyler,Tyler
president van buren,Van Buren
president washington,Washington
president william henry harrison,Harrison
president wilson,Wilson
presidential term,presidency
presidentship,presidency
presidium,praesidium
press,imperativeness
press-up,pushup
press agency,news agency
press agent,publicity man
press association,news agency
press clipping,clipping
press conference,news conference
press cutting,clipping
press of canvas,press of sail
press of sail,press of canvas
press release,handout
press run,print run
press stud,snap
pressburg,Bratislava
pressman,printer
pressmark,call mark
pressure,pressure level
pressure-feed lubricating system,lubricating system
pressure feed,lubricating system
pressure gage,pressure gauge
pressure gauge,pressure gage
pressure group,lobby
pressure level,pressure
pressure sensation,pressure
pressure sore,bedsore
pressurized water reactor,PWR
prestidigitation,sleight of hand
prestidigitator,magician
prestige,prestigiousness
prestigiousness,prestige
presumption,given
presumptuousness,presumption
preteenager,preteen
pretence,pretension
pretending,pretense
pretense,pretence
pretension,pretense
pretentiousness,ostentation
preterit,preterite
preterite,preterit
preterition,paralepsis
preterm baby,premature baby
preterm infant,premature baby
pretext,stalking-horse
pretor,praetor
pretorium,praetorium
pretrial,pretrial conference
pretrial conference,pretrial
prettiness,cuteness
preussen,Prussia
prevacid,lansoprazole
prevailing westerly,westerly
prevalence,preponderance
prevarication,lie
prevaricator,liar
prevention,bar
preventive attack,preventive strike
preventive strike,preventive attack
preview,prevue
prevision,prescience
prevue,preview
prexy,president
prey,quarry
priacanthus arenatus,catalufa
price,monetary value
price-to-earnings ratio,P/E ratio
price competition,price war
price cut,price cutting
price cutting,price cut
price index,price level
price level,price index
price of admission,entrance fee
price reduction,discount
price war,price competition
pricelessness,invaluableness
prick,asshole
pricker,spine
pricking,prick
prickle,spine
prickle-weed,prairie mimosa
prickleback,stickleback
prickliness,bristliness
prickling,tingle
prickly-seeded spinach,spinach
prickly ash,Orites excelsa
prickly custard apple,soursop
prickly heat,heat rash
prickly lettuce,horse thistle
prickly pear,prickly pear cactus
prickly pear cactus,prickly pear
prickly pine,table-mountain pine
prickly poppy,argemone
prickly shield fern,Braun's holly fern
prickteaser,coquette
pride,pridefulness
pride-of-india,chinaberry
pride of barbados,paradise flower
pride of bolivia,tipu
pridefulness,pride
priest,non-Christian priest
priest-doctor,shaman
prig,snob
priggishness,primness
prilosec,omeprazole
prima donna,diva
primary atypical pneumonia,atypical pneumonia
primary care provider,health professional
primary cell,voltaic cell
primary coil,primary winding
primary color,primary colour
primary color for light,primary colour for light
primary color for pigments,primary colour for pigments
primary colour,primary color
primary colour for light,primary color for light
primary colour for pigments,primary color for pigments
primary election,primary
primary feather,primary
primary quill,primary
primary school,grade school
primary sex character,primary sex characteristic
primary sex characteristic,primary sexual characteristic
primary sexual characteristic,primary sex characteristic
primary solid solution,solid solution
primary subtractive color for light,primary subtractive colour for light
primary subtractive colour for light,primary subtractive color for light
primary tooth,deciduous tooth
primary winding,primary coil
primate,archpriest
prime mover,first cause
prime of life,prime
prime quantity,prime
primer,fuse
primer coat,flat coat
primidone,Mysoline
primigravida,gravida I
priming,fuse
priming coat,flat coat
primipara,para I
primitive art,outsider art
primitive person,primitive
primitiveness,crudeness
primitivism,crudeness
primness,prudishness
primogenitor,progenitor
primordial dwarf,hypoplastic dwarf
primordium,anlage
primrose,primula
primrose family,Primulaceae
primrose jasmine,Jasminum mesnyi
primula,primrose
primula auricula,auricula
primula elatior,oxlip
primula polyantha,polyanthus
primula sinensis,Chinese primrose
primula veris,cowslip
primula vulgaris,English primrose
primum mobile,first cause
primus,Primus stove
prince's-feather,princess feather
prince's-plume,prince's-feather
prince's pine,pipsissewa
prince-of-wales feather,crape fern
prince-of-wales fern,crape fern
prince-of-wales plume,crape fern
prince albert,Albert
prince albert's yew,Prince Albert yew
prince charles,Charles
prince edward,Edward
prince eugene of savoy,Eugene
prince fumimaro konoe,Konoe
prince fumimaro konoye,Konoe
prince klemens wenzel nepomuk lothar von metternich,Metternich
prince of darkness,Satan
prince of smolensk,Kutuzov
prince of wales heath,Prince-of-Wales'-heath
prince otto eduard leopold von bismarck,Bismarck
prince otto von bismarck,Bismarck
prince peter kropotkin,Kropotkin
prince philip,Philip
prince rupert,Rupert
princedom,principality
princess diana,Diana
princess feather,prince's-feather
princess grace of monaco,Kelly
princess of wales,Diana
princess pine,ground fir
princeton wordnet,WordNet
princewood,Spanish elm
principal axis,optic axis
principal diagonal,main diagonal
principal investigator,PI
principal sum,principal
principality,princedom
principality of andorra,Andorra
principality of liechtenstein,Liechtenstein
principality of monaco,Monaco
principen,ampicillin
principle,rule
principle of parsimony,Occam's Razor
principle of superposition,superposition principle
prinival,lisinopril
print,mark
print run,press run
print shop,printing shop
printed symbol,written symbol
printer,pressman
printer's ink,printing ink
printing,printing process
printing business,printing concern
printing company,printing concern
printing concern,printing business
printing ink,printer's ink
printing machine,printer
printing press,press
printing process,printing
printing shop,print shop
printmaker,graphic artist
priodontes giganteus,giant armadillo
prionace glauca,blue shark
prionotus carolinus,northern sea robin
prioress,abbess
priority,precedence
priscoan,Hadean
priscoan aeon,Hadean
priscoan eon,Hadean
prism,optical prism
prism spectroscope,spectroscope
prison,prison house
prison-breaking,break
prison camp,internment camp
prison cell,cell
prison farm,work camp
prison guard,jailer
prison house,prison
prison term,sentence
prisonbreak,break
prisoner,captive
prisoner of war,POW
prisoner of war camp,prison camp
pristis pectinatus,smalltooth sawfish
pritzelago alpina,chamois cress
privacy,privateness
private corporation,closed corporation
private detective,PI
private enterprise,market economy
private eye,private detective
private instructor,coach
private investigator,private detective
private parts,genitalia
private property,personal property
private road,driveway
private security force,security force
privateer,privateersman
privateersman,privateer
privately held corporation,closed corporation
privateness,privacy
privates,genitalia
privation,want
privatisation,denationalization
privatization,denationalization
privet andromeda,maleberry
privilege,prerogative
privilege against self incrimination,freedom from self-incrimination
privine,naphazoline
prize fight,prizefight
prize ring,boxing ring
prize winner,lottery winner
prizefight,prize fight
prizefighter,gladiator
proaccelerin,prothrombin accelerator
probability,chance
probability theory,theory of probability
probate,probate will
probate will,probate
probationer,student nurse
probe,investigation
probiotic,probiotic bacterium
probiotic bacterium,probiotic
probiotic flora,probiotic
probiotic microflora,probiotic
problem,job
problem-oriented language,application-oriented language
problem solver,solver
proboscidea arenaria,sand devil's claw
proboscidea fragrans,sweet unicorn plant
proboscidea louisianica,common unicorn plant
proboscidean,proboscidian
proboscidian,proboscidean
proboscis,trunk
proboscis flower,common unicorn plant
proboscis monkey,Nasalis larvatus
proboscis worm,ribbon worm
procaine,Ethocaine
procaine hydrochloride,novocaine
procardia,nifedipine
procaryote,prokaryote
procavia capensis,rock hyrax
procedure,process
proceeding,legal proceeding
proceedings,proceeding
proceeds,return
procellaria aequinoctialis,white-chinned petrel
process,procedure
process cheese,processed cheese
process of monition,monition
processed cheese,process cheese
procession,emanation
processional march,recessional march
processor,central processing unit
processus coronoideus,coronoid process
prociphilus tessellatus,woolly alder aphid
proclamation,announcement
proclivity,propensity
proconsulate,proconsulship
proconsulship,proconsulate
proconvertin,cothromboplastin
procrastination,cunctation
procrastinator,postponer
procreation,reproduction
procrustean bed,procrustean standard
procrustean rule,procrustean standard
procrustean standard,procrustean rule
proctocele,rectocele
proctoplasty,rectoplasty
proctor,monitor
procural,procurement
procurance,procurement
procurator,proxy
procurement,procurance
procurer,pimp
procyclidine,Kemadrin
procyon cancrivorus,crab-eating raccoon
procyon lotor,common raccoon
prod,goad
prodding,goad
prodigality,extravagance
prodigy,omen
prodroma,prodrome
prodrome,prodroma
produce,green goods
producer,manufacturer
producer gas,air gas
producer price index,wholesale price index
product,merchandise
product-moment correlation coefficient,Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient
product line,line
production,product
production line,assembly line
productiveness,productivity
productivity,productiveness
proenzyme,zymogen
prof,professor
profanation,desecration
profaneness,unsanctification
professing,profession
profession,professing
professional dancer,dancer
professional golfer,golf pro
professional life,business life
professional organisation,professional organization
professional organization,professional organisation
professional person,professional
professional tennis player,tennis pro
professionalisation,professionalization
professionalization,professionalisation
professor,prof
professorship,chair
proffer,suggestion
proficiency,technique
profile,visibility
profit,net income
profit-and-loss statement,income statement
profit and loss,profit and loss account
profit and loss account,profit and loss
profit margin,margin of profit
profitability,profitableness
profitableness,favorableness
profits,net income
profligacy,extravagance
profoundness,reconditeness
profundity,reconditeness
profuseness,profusion
profusion,profuseness
progenitor,primogenitor
progeny,offspring
progesterone,Lipo-Lutin
progestin,progestogen
progestogen,progestin
progne subis,purple martin
prognosis,forecast
prognostication,omen
prognosticator,forecaster
program,plan
program library,library
program line,instruction
program music,programme music
programing,scheduling
programing language,programming language
programme,program
programme music,program music
programmed cell death,apoptosis
programmer,computer programmer
programming,scheduling
programming error,software error
programming language,programing language
progress,advancement
progression,patterned advance
progressive emphysematous necrosis,gas gangrene
progressive rock,art rock
progressive tax,graduated tax
progressive tense,progressive
progressive vaccinia,vaccinia gangrenosa
progressiveness,progressivity
progressivity,progressiveness
prohibition,ban
prohibition era,prohibition
prohibitionist,dry
project,undertaking
projection,project
projection screen,screen
projective device,projective test
projective geometry,descriptive geometry
projective technique,projective test
projective test,projective device
prokaryote,procaryote
prokayotae,Monera
prolactin,lactogenic hormone
prolapse,prolapsus
prolapsus,prolapse
prole,proletarian
proletariat,labor
prolificacy,richness
prolixity,prolixness
prolixness,prolixity
prolongation,protraction
prolonge knot,sailor's breastplate
prolusion,foreword
prom,promenade
promenade,prom
promenade deck,hurricane deck
promethazine,Phenergan
promethium,Pm
prominence,bulge
promiscuity,promiscuousness
promiscuousness,promiscuity
promise,hope
promised land,Palestine
promiser,promisor
promisor,promiser
promissory note,note
promontory,headland
promoter,booster
promotion,publicity
promotional material,promotion
prompt box,prompter's box
prompt copy,promptbook
promptbook,prompt copy
prompter,theater prompter
prompter's box,prompt box
prompting,suggestion
promptitude,promptness
promptness,promptitude
promulgation,announcement
prone float,dead-man's float
prongbuck,pronghorn
pronghorn,prongbuck
pronghorn antelope,pronghorn
pronominal phrase,pronominal
pronouncement,dictum
pronunciamento,manifesto
pronunciation,orthoepy
proofreader,reader
prop,property
propaedeutics,propaedeutic
propagation,extension
propagator,disseminator
propanal,propionaldehyde
propanamide,proprionamide
propanediol,propylene glycol
propanoic acid,propionic acid
propanol,propyl alcohol
propanolol,Inderal
propanone,acetone
propellant explosive,impulse explosive
propeller,propellor
propellor,propeller
propenal,acrolein
propene,propylene
propenoate,acrylate
propenoic acid,acrylic acid
propenonitrile,acrylonitrile
propensity,leaning
propenyl alcohol,allyl alcohol
proper name,proper noun
proper noun,proper name
properness,propriety
property,belongings
property man,propman
property master,property man
property owner,landowner
property tax,land tax
prophecy,prognostication
prophesier,prophet
prophet,prophesier
prophylactic device,contraceptive
propinquity,proximity
propionaldehyde,propanal
propionic acid,propanoic acid
propitiation,placation
propitiousness,auspiciousness
propjet,turboprop
propman,property man
proponent,advocate
proportion,dimension
proportional counter,proportional counter tube
proportional counter tube,proportional counter
proportional sample,stratified sample
proportional sampling,stratified sampling
proportionality,proportion
proportionateness,commensurateness
proposal,marriage proposal
proposal of marriage,marriage proposal
proposer,suggester
proposition,suggestion
propositional calculus,propositional logic
propositional logic,propositional calculus
propoxyphene,propoxyphene hydrochloride
propoxyphene hydrochloride,propoxyphene
propping up,shoring
proprietary drug,brand-name drug
proprietor,owner
proprietorship,proprietary
propriety,properness
proprionamide,propanamide
props,prop
propulsion,actuation
propyl,propyl group
propyl alcohol,propanol
propyl group,propyl
propyl radical,propyl
propylene,propene
propylene glycol,propanediol
prosaicness,prosiness
proscenium,apron
proscenium wall,proscenium
proscription,prohibition
prosecuting attorney,prosecutor
prosecuting officer,prosecutor
prosecution,criminal prosecution
prosecutor,public prosecutor
prosencephalon,forebrain
proserpine,Proserpina
prosiness,prosaicness
prosodic system,accentual system
prosodion,processional
prosody,inflection
prosom,estazolam
prosopis glandulosa,honey mesquite
prosopis juliflora,algarroba
prosopis juliiflora,algarroba
prosopis pubescens,screw bean
prosopium cylindraceum,round whitefish
prosopium williamsonii,Rocky Mountain whitefish
prosopopoeia,personification
prospect,chance
prospectus,course catalog
prosper meniere,Meniere
prosperity,successfulness
prospero lambertini,Benedict XIV
prospicience,prevision
prostate cancer,prostatic adenocarcinoma
prostate gland,prostate
prostate specific antigen,PSA
prostatic adenocarcinoma,prostate cancer
prostheon,prosthion
prosthesis,prosthetic device
prosthetic device,prosthesis
prosthion,prostheon
prosthodontia,prosthodontics
prosthodontics,prosthodontia
prostigmin,neostigmine
prostitute,cocotte
prostitution,harlotry
prostration,collapse
protactinium,protoactinium
protagonism,advocacy
protagonist,supporter
protanopia,red-blindness
protea cynaroides,honeypot
protea family,Proteaceae
protea mellifera,honeyflower
protease,peptidase
protease inhibitor,PI
protection,protective covering
protective cover,protective covering
protective covering,protective cover
protective embankment,escarpment
protector,defender
protector of boundaries,Jupiter Fidius
protectorate,associated state
protein folding,folding
proteinase,protease
proteinuria,albuminuria
proteles cristata,aardwolf
proteolytic enzyme,protease
proteosome,proteosome vaccine
proteosome vaccine,proteosome
proterozoic aeon,Proterozoic
proterozoic eon,Proterozoic
protest,protestation
protestant deacon,deacon
protestant episcopal church,Episcopal Church
protestant reformation,Reformation
protestation,protest
protester,dissenter
proteus anguinus,olm
prothalamion,prothalamium
prothalamium,prothalamion
prothrombin,factor II
prothrombin accelerator,proaccelerin
prothrombinase,factor X
protirelin,thyrotropin-releasing hormone
protist,protistan
protistan,protist
protoactinium,protactinium
protoanthropology,protohistory
protoarchaeology,protoarcheology
protoarcheology,protoarchaeology
protocol,communications protocol
protoheme,heme
protohemin,hemin
protohistory,protoanthropology
protomammal,therapsid
proton magnetic resonance,nuclear magnetic resonance
protoplasm,living substance
protoplast,energid
prototype,paradigm
protozoon,protozoan
protraction,lengthiness
protrusion,bulge
protuberance,bulge
proturan,telsontail
provability,demonstrability
provenance,birthplace
provender,feed
provenience,birthplace
proventil,albuterol
provera,medroxyprogesterone
proverb,adage
provider,supplier
province,state
provincialism,sectionalism
provision,proviso
provisional ira,Irish Republican Army
provisional irish republican army,Irish Republican Army
provisioner,sutler
provisions,commissariat
proviso,provision
provocateur,agent provocateur
provocation,aggravation
provoker,instigator
provos,Irish Republican Army
prow,bow
prowess,art
prowl car,cruiser
prowler,sneak
proxima centauri,Proxima
proximity,propinquity
proxy,placeholder
prozac,fluoxetine
prude,puritan
prudence,discretion
prudery,primness
prudishness,primness
prumnopitys amara,Sundacarpus amara
prumnopitys andina,plum-fruited yew
prumnopitys elegans,plum-fruited yew
prumnopitys ferruginea,miro
prumnopitys taxifolia,matai
prunella modularis,hedge sparrow
prunella vulgaris,self-heal
pruner,trimmer
pruning hook,pruner
prunus alleghaniensis,Allegheny plum
prunus americana,American red plum
prunus amygdalus,almond
prunus angustifolia,chickasaw plum
prunus armeniaca,common apricot
prunus avium,sweet cherry
prunus besseyi,Western sand cherry
prunus capuli,capulin
prunus caroliniana,cherry laurel
prunus cerasifera,cherry plum
prunus cerasus,sour cherry
prunus cerasus austera,morello
prunus cerasus caproniana,amarelle
prunus cerasus marasca,marasca
prunus cuneata,sand cherry
prunus dasycarpa,purple apricot
prunus demissa,western chokecherry
prunus domestica,common plum
prunus domestica insititia,damson plum
prunus dulcis,almond
prunus dulcis amara,bitter almond
prunus glandulosa,dwarf flowering almond
prunus ilicifolia,holly-leaved cherry
prunus incisa,fuji
prunus insititia,bullace
prunus japonica,flowering almond
prunus laurocerasus,cherry laurel
prunus lyonii,Catalina cherry
prunus maritima,beach plum
prunus mexicana,big-tree plum
prunus mume,Japanese apricot
prunus nigra,Canada plum
prunus padus,hagberry tree
prunus pensylvanica,pin cherry
prunus persica,peach
prunus persica nectarina,nectarine
prunus pumila,sand cherry
prunus pumilla susquehanae,sand cherry
prunus salicina,Japanese plum
prunus serotina,black cherry
prunus serrulata,oriental cherry
prunus sieboldii,Japanese flowering cherry
prunus spinosa,blackthorn
prunus subcordata,Sierra plum
prunus subhirtella,rosebud cherry
prunus susquehanae,sand cherry
prunus tenella,Russian almond
prunus triloba,flowering almond
prunus virginiana,chokecherry
prunus virginiana demissa,western chokecherry
prurience,pruriency
pruriency,prurience
prussian asparagus,bath asparagus
prussian blue,iron blue
prussic acid,hydrocyanic acid
pry,crowbar
pry bar,crowbar
przevalski's horse,Przewalski's horse
ps,postscript
psa,prostate specific antigen
psalmody,hymnody
psalterium,omasum
psammoma,sand tumor
psephurus gladis,Chinese paddlefish
psetta maxima,turbot
psettichthys melanostichus,sand sole
pseud,imposter
pseudaletia unipuncta,armyworm
pseudechis porphyriacus,Australian blacksnake
pseudemys concinna,cooter
pseudemys rubriventris,red-bellied terrapin
pseudemys scripta,slider
pseudobombax ellipticum,shaving-brush tree
pseudocarp,accessory fruit
pseudococcus comstocki,Comstock mealybug
pseudococcus fragilis,citrophilous mealybug
pseudocolus fusiformis,stinky squid
pseudocyesis,false pregnancy
pseudohypertrophic dystrophy,Duchenne's muscular dystrophy
pseudolarix amabilis,golden larch
pseudomonas solanacearum,ring rot bacteria
pseudonym,anonym
pseudopleuronectes americanus,winter flounder
pseudopod,pseudopodium
pseudopodium,pseudopod
pseudorubella,exanthema subitum
pseudoryx nghetinhensis,forest goat
pseudoscorpion,false scorpion
pseudoscorpiones,Chelonethida
pseudoscorpionida,Chelonethida
pseudosmallpox,alastrim
pseudotaxus chienii,white-berry yew
pseudotsuga macrocarpa,big-cone spruce
pseudotsuga menziesii,green douglas fir
pseudovariola,alastrim
pseudowintera colorata,pepper shrub
psf,Popular Struggle Front
psi,pounds per square inch
psi particle,J particle
psidium cattleianum,cattley guava
psidium guajava,guava
psidium guineense,Brazilian guava
psidium littorale,guava
psidium littorale longipes,cattley guava
psilocin,psilocybin
psilocybin,psilocin
psilosis,sprue
psilotatae,Psilopsida
psilotum nudum,skeleton fork fern
psittacosaur,psittacosaurus
psittacosaurus,psittacosaur
psittacosis,parrot disease
psittacula krameri,ring-necked parakeet
psittacus erithacus,African grey
psophia crepitans,Brazilian trumpeter
psophocarpus tetragonolobus,winged bean
psoralea esculenta,breadroot
pst,Pacific Time
psyche,mind
psychedelic drug,hallucinogen
psychedelic rock,acid rock
psychiatric hospital,mental hospital
psychiatrist,head-shrinker
psychiatry,psychopathology
psychic communication,psychical communication
psychic energy,mental energy
psychic phenomena,psychic phenomenon
psychic phenomenon,psychic phenomena
psychic trauma,trauma
psychical communication,psychic communication
psycho,psychotic
psychoactive drug,mind-altering drug
psychoactive substance,psychoactive drug
psychoanalysis,analysis
psychoanalyst,analyst
psychodelic drug,hallucinogen
psychogalvanic response,galvanic skin response
psychogenic fugue,fugue
psychokinesis,telekinesis
psychological condition,psychological state
psychological disorder,mental disorder
psychological medicine,psychiatry
psychological operation,psyop
psychological science,psychology
psychological state,psychological condition
psychological warfare,war of nerves
psychology,psychological science
psychology department,department of psychology
psychometric test,test
psychometrics,psychometry
psychometrika,psychometry
psychometry,psychometrics
psychomotor epilepsy,temporal lobe epilepsy
psychoneurosis,neurosis
psychonomics,experimental psychology
psychopath,sociopath
psychopathic personality,antisocial personality disorder
psychopathology,abnormal psychology
psychopathy,mental illness
psychophysiology,physiological psychology
psychotherapeutics,psychotherapy
psychotherapist,clinical psychologist
psychotherapy,psychotherapeutics
psychotic belief,delusion
psychotic person,psychotic
psychotria capensis,lemonwood
psylla,jumping plant louse
psyllid,jumping plant louse
psyllium,fleawort
psyop,psychological operation
pt,platinum
pteretis,Matteuccia
pteretis struthiopteris,ostrich fern
pteridium aquilinum,bracken
pteridium esculentum,bracken
pteridophyte,nonflowering plant
pteridosperm,seed fern
pteridospermaphyta,Pteridospermae
pteris multifida,spider brake
pteris serrulata,ribbon fern
pternohyla fodiens,lowland burrowing treefrog
pterocarpus angolensis,bloodwood tree
pterocarpus indicus,padauk
pterocarpus macrocarpus,Burma padauk
pterocarpus marsupium,kino
pterocarpus santalinus,red sandalwood
pterocarya fraxinifolia,Caucasian walnut
pterocles alchata,pin-tailed sandgrouse
pterocles indicus,painted sandgrouse
pterocnemia pennata,rhea
pteropogon,Pteropogon humboltianum
pteropogon humboltianum,pteropogon
pterosaur,flying reptile
pterospermum acerifolium,mayeng
pteroylglutamic acid,vitamin Bc
pteroylmonoglutamic acid,vitamin Bc
ptilonorhynchus violaceus,satin bowerbird
ptloris paradisea,riflebird
pto,power takeoff
ptolemaic dynasty,Ptolemy
ptomain,ptomaine
ptomaine,ptomain
ptomaine poisoning,ptomaine
ptsd,posttraumatic stress disorder
ptyas mucosus,Indian rat snake
ptychozoon homalocephalum,flying gecko
pu,plutonium
pub,public house
puberty,pubescence
pubes,pubic region
pubescence,puberty
pubic bone,pubis
pubic hair,bush
pubic louse,crab louse
pubic region,pubes
pubis,pubic bone
public-service corporation,utility
public address system,P.A. system
public assistance,social welfare
public convenience,public toilet
public debate,debate
public discussion,ventilation
public executioner,executioner
public exposure,dissemination
public eye,limelight
public figure,name
public holiday,legal holiday
public house,pub
public housing,housing project
public knowledge,general knowledge
public lavatory,public toilet
public lecture,lecture
public mover,mover
public nudity,indecent exposure
public nuisance,common nuisance
public opinion,popular opinion
public opinion poll,poll
public presentation,performance
public press,press
public prosecutor,prosecutor
public relations,PR
public relations man,press agent
public security,peace
public service,community service
public speaker,orator
public speaking,speechmaking
public square,square
public toilet,comfort station
public treasury,trough
public trust,charitable trust
public utility,utility
public utility company,utility
public violence,riot
publican,tavern keeper
publication,issue
publiciser,publicist
publicist,publicizer
publicity,promotion
publicity man,press agent
publicizer,publicist
publicizing,advertising
publisher,publishing house
publishing,publication
publishing company,publisher
publishing conglomerate,publishing empire
publishing empire,publishing conglomerate
publishing firm,publisher
publishing house,publisher
publius aelius hadrianus,Hadrian
publius cornelius scipio,Scipio
publius cornelius scipio africanus major,Scipio
publius cornelius tacitus,Tacitus
publius ovidius naso,Ovid
publius terentius afer,Terence
publius vergilius maro,Virgil
pubococcygeus exercises,Kegel exercises
puccinia graminis,wheat rust
puccoon,Lithospermum caroliniense
pucker,ruck
puckerbush,bay myrtle
puckishness,impishness
pud,pudding
pudden-head,stupid
pudding,pud
pudding-face,pudding face
pudding-wife,puddingwife
pudding berry,bunchberry
pudding face,pudding-face
pudding head,stupid
pudding pipe tree,golden shower tree
pudding stone,conglomerate
puddingwife,pudding-wife
puddle,pool
pudendal artery,arteria pudenda
pudendal cleavage,pudendal cleft
pudendal cleft,urogenital cleft
pudendal slit,pudendal cleft
pudendal vein,venae pudendum
pudginess,chubbiness
puebla de zaragoza,Puebla
pueraria lobata,kudzu
puerility,childhood
puerperal fever,childbed fever
puff adder,Bitis arietans
puff batter,pouf paste
puff of air,puff
puff paste,pate feuillete
puffball,true puffball
puffer,blowfish
pufferfish,blowfish
puffiness,swelling
puffing,huffing
puffinus puffinus,Manx shearwater
pug,pug-dog
pug-dog,pug
pugilism,boxing
pugilist,boxer
pugnacity,aggressiveness
puka,Griselinia lucida
puke,rotter
puking,vomit
puku,Adenota vardoni
pulasan,pulassan
pulasan tree,pulasan
pulassan,pulasan
pulicaria dysenterica,fleabane
pull,pulling
pull-in,pull-up
pull-off,rest area
pull-up,pull-in
pullback,tieback
puller,tugger
pullet,fryer
pulley,pulley-block
pulley-block,pulley
pulley block,pulley
pulling,pull
pulling out,coitus interruptus
pullman car,Pullman
pullman porter,porter
pullorum disease,bacillary white diarrhea
pullout,disengagement
pullover,slipover
pullulation,gemmation
pulmonary anthrax,inhalation anthrax
pulmonary artery,arteria pulmonalis
pulmonary emphysema,emphysema
pulmonary plexis,plexus pulmonalis
pulmonary trunk,truncus pulmonalis
pulmonary tuberculosis,consumption
pulmonary vein,vena pulmonalis
pulmonic plague,pneumonic plague
pulp,mush
pulp magazine,pulp
pulpiness,mushiness
pulpit,dais
pulsatilla occidentalis,Western pasqueflower
pulsatilla patens,American pasqueflower
pulsatilla vulgaris,European pasqueflower
pulsation,pulsing
pulse,pulsation
pulse height analyzer,kicksorter
pulse rate,pulse
pulseless disease,Takayasu's arteritis
pulsing,pulsation
pulverisation,powder
pulverization,powder
puma,cougar
pumice,pumice stone
pumice stone,pumice
pummelo,pomelo
pump,heart
pump action,slide action
pump house,pumping station
pump priming,deficit spending
pumpernickel,black bread
pumping station,pump house
pumpkin,pumpkin vine
pumpkin ash,Fraxinus tomentosa
pumpkin vine,pumpkin
pumpkinseed,Lepomis gibbosus
pun,punning
punch,clout
punch bag,punching bag
punch card,punched card
punch line,laugh line
punchayet,panchayat
punchball,punching bag
punched card,punch card
puncher,cowboy
punching bag,punch bag
punching ball,punching bag
punctiliousness,meticulousness
punctuality,promptness
punctuated equilibrium,theory of punctuated equilibrium
punctuation,punctuation mark
punctuation mark,punctuation
pundit,initiate
pungapung,telingo potato
pungency,bite
punica granatum,pomegranate
puniness,pettiness
punishment,penalty
punitive damages,exemplary damages
punk rock,punk
punk rocker,punk
punkey,punkie
punkie,punky
punks,hood
punky,punkie
punning,pun
punt,Irish pound
punter,bettor
punting,punt
pup,whelp
pup tent,shelter tent
pupet regime,puppet government
pupil,student
pupillary reflex,light reflex
pupillary sphincter,musculus sphincter pupillae
puppet,marionette
puppet government,puppet state
puppet leader,puppet ruler
puppet play,puppet show
puppet ruler,puppet leader
puppet show,puppet play
puppet state,puppet government
puppy,pup
puppy love,calf love
purau,mahoe
purchase,leverage
purchase agreement,purchase contract
purchase contract,purchase agreement
purchase order,order
purchaser,buyer
purchasing,buying
purdah,solitude
pure absence,simple absence
pure binary numeration system,binary numeration system
pure gold,24-karat gold
pure tone,tone
pureness,purity
purgation,catharsis
purge,purging
purging cassia,golden shower tree
purification,refining
purinethol,mercaptopurine
purity,pureness
purkinje's system,Purkinje network
purkinje's tissue,Purkinje network
purl,purl stitch
purl stitch,purl
purlieu,environs
purloo,chicken purloo
purple-flowering raspberry,flowering raspberry
purple-fringed orchid,purple-fringed orchis
purple-fringed orchis,purple-fringed orchid
purple-hooded orchis,showy orchis
purple-staining cortinarius,Cortinarius mutabilis
purple amaranth,prince's-feather
purple anise,Illicium floridanum
purple apricot,black apricot
purple avens,prairie smoke
purple beech,copper beech
purple boneset,Joe-Pye weed
purple chinese houses,innocense
purple clematis,purple virgin's bower
purple clover,red clover
purple cress,Cardamine douglasii
purple emperor,Apatura iris
purple finch,Carpodacus purpureus
purple fringeless orchid,purple fringeless orchis
purple fringeless orchis,purple fringeless orchid
purple grackle,Quiscalus quiscula
purple granadillo,granadilla
purple ground cherry,tomatillo
purple heart,Order of the Purple Heart
purple heather,Brewer's mountain heather
purple loco,purple locoweed
purple locoweed,purple loco
purple loosestrife,spiked loosestrife
purple martin,Progne subis
purple milk vetch,Astragalus danicus
purple mullein,Verbascum phoeniceum
purple nightshade,trompillo
purple onion,red onion
purple orchis,showy orchis
purple osier,purple willow
purple pea,hovea
purple poppy mallow,Callirhoe involucrata
purple rock brake,Pellaea atropurpurea
purple sage,chaparral sage
purple sanicle,Sanicula bipinnatifida
purple saxifrage,Saxifraga oppositifolia
purple silkweed,Asclepias purpurascens
purple strawberry guava,cattley guava
purple trillium,red trillium
purple velvet plant,velvet plant
purple virgin's bower,purple clematis
purple willow,red willow
purpleness,purple
purplish blue,royal blue
purplish pink,solferino
purplish red,purplish-red
purport,intent
purpose,intent
purposefulness,sense of purpose
purposelessness,aimlessness
purpura,peliosis
purpura hemorrhagica,thrombocytopenic purpura
purse,bag
purse-string operation,Shirodkar's operation
purslane family,Portulacaceae
purslane speedwell,Veronica peregrina
pursual,pursuit
pursuance,pursuit
pursuer,chaser
pursuit,chase
purulence,purulency
purulency,purulence
purus river,Purus
purview,horizon
puseyism,Tractarianism
push,pushing
push-down list,push-down stack
push-down stack,push-down list
push-down storage,push-down store
push-down store,push-down storage
push back,rollback
push button,push
pushcart,handcart
pushchair,baby buggy
pusher,thruster
pushiness,bumptiousness
pushing,push
pushover,cinch
pushpin,thumbtack
pushtun,Pathan
pushup,press-up
pusillanimity,pusillanimousness
pusillanimousness,pusillanimity
puss,cunt
pussley,common purslane
pussly,common purslane
pussy's-paw,pussy-paw
pussy-paw,pussy-paws
pussy-paws,pussy-paw
pussy willow,Salix discolor
pussycat,kitty
pussytoes,cat's foot
put,put option
put-down,squelch
put-on,parody
put option,put
putrefaction,rot
putrescence,putridness
putridness,putrescence
putsch,coup d'etat
putt,putting
putter,putting iron
putterer,potterer
putting,putt
putting green,green
putting iron,putter
putting surface,green
putting to death,killing
puttyroot,adam-and-eve
putz,cock
puzzle,puzzler
puzzlement,bewilderment
puzzler,puzzle
pva,polyvinyl acetate
pvc,polyvinyl chloride
pwr,pressurized water reactor
px,post exchange
pyaemia,pyemia
pycnanthemum virginianum,basil mint
pycnogonid,sea spider
pycnosis,pyknosis
pye-dog,pariah dog
pyemia,pyaemia
pygmy,pigmy
pygmy chimpanzee,bonobo
pygmy cypress,Cupressus pigmaea
pygmy marmoset,Cebuella pygmaea
pygmy mouse,Baiomys taylori
pygmy sperm whale,Kogia breviceps
pygoscelis adeliae,Adelie
pyjama,pajama
pyknic type,endomorphy
pyknosis,pycnosis
pylodictus olivaris,flathead catfish
pylon,power pylon
pyloric sphincter,pyloric valve
pyloric valve,pyloric sphincter
pyloric vein,right gastric vein
pyorrhea,pyorrhoea
pyorrhea alveolaris,pyorrhea
pyorrhoea,pyorrhea
pyotr alexeyevich kropotkin,Kropotkin
pyotr ilych tchaikovsky,Tchaikovsky
pyotr tchaikovsky,Tchaikovsky
pyracanth,Pyracantha
pyralid,pyralid moth
pyralid moth,pyralid
pyralididae,Pyralidae
pyramid bugle,Ajuga pyramidalis
pyramid plant,columbo
pyramidal bone,triquetral
pyramidal motor system,pyramidal tract
pyramidal tract,pyramidal motor system
pyramids of egypt,Pyramid
pyrausta nubilalis,corn borer
pyre,funeral pyre
pyrethrum,Dalmatian pyrethrum
pyrexia,fever
pyridium,phenazopyridine
pyridoxal,vitamin B6
pyridoxamine,vitamin B6
pyridoxine,vitamin B6
pyriform area,piriform area
pyriform lobe,pyriform area
pyrite,iron pyrite
pyrites,pyrite
pyrocephalus rubinus mexicanus,vermillion flycatcher
pyrochemical process,pyrochemistry
pyrochemistry,pyrochemical process
pyrogallic acid,pyrogallol
pyrogallol,pyrogallic acid
pyrogen,pyrectic
pyrola,wintergreen
pyrola americana,false wintergreen
pyrola elliptica,wild lily of the valley
pyrola minor,lesser wintergreen
pyrola rotundifolia,wild lily of the valley
pyrola rotundifolia americana,false wintergreen
pyrola uniflora,one-flowered wintergreen
pyrolatry,fire-worship
pyroligneous acid,wood vinegar
pyromorphite,green lead ore
pyrophorus noctiluca,firefly
pyroscope,optical pyrometer
pyrosis,heartburn
pyrotechnics,pyrotechny
pyrotechny,pyrotechnics
pyroxylin,pyroxyline
pyroxyline,pyroxylin
pyrrhotine,pyrrhotite
pyrrhotite,pyrrhotine
pyrrhula pyrrhula,bullfinch
pyrrhuloxia,Pyrrhuloxia sinuata
pyrrhuloxia sinuata,pyrrhuloxia
pyrrosia lingua,felt fern
pyrularia pubera,rabbitwood
pyrus communis,pear
pythias,Phintias
pythium debaryanum,damping off fungus
python molurus,Indian python
python reticulatus,reticulated python
python sebae,rock python
python variegatus,carpet snake
pythoness,Pythia
pyx,pix
pyx chest,pyx
pyxidanthera barbulata,pyxie
pyxidium,pyxis
pyxie,pixie
pyxis,pyxidium
qabala,cabala
qabalah,cabala
qabbala,Kabbalah
qabbalah,Kabbalah
qadhafi,Qaddafi
qaeda,al-Qaeda
qandahar,Kandahar
qara qum,Kara Kum
qat,kat
qatar peninsula,Qatar
qcd,quantum chromodynamics
qed,quantum electrodynamics
qi,chi
qiangic,Qiang
qin dynasty,Qin
qindarka,qintar
qing dynasty,Qing
qintar,qindarka
qizil qum,Kyzyl Kum
quaalude,methaqualone
quack grass,dog grass
quackery,empiricism
quackgrass,dog grass
quad,quadruplet
quadrangle,quadrilateral
quadrant,quarter-circle
quadraphonic system,quadraphony
quadraphony,quadraphonic system
quadratic equation,quadratic
quadratic polynomial,quadratic
quadratics,quadratic equation
quadric,quadric surface
quadric surface,quadric
quadriceps,quadriceps femoris
quadriceps femoris,quadriceps
quadrigesima sunday,Quadragesima
quadriphonic system,quadraphony
quadruple time,common time
quadruplet,four
quag,mire
quagga,Equus quagga
quagmire,mire
quahaug,quahog
quahog,quahaug
quail brush,quail bush
quail bush,quail brush
quake,earthquake
quaker,Friend
quakers,Religious Society of Friends
quaking aspen,European quaking aspen
qualification,making
qualifier,modifier
qualifying,modification
qualifying adjective,descriptive adjective
qualitative analysis,chemical analysis
qualm,scruple
quamash,camas
quamassia,Camassia
quamoclit pennata,cypress vine
quandang,quandong
quandary,predicament
quandong,quandang
quandong tree,quandong
quango,quasi-NGO
quantifiability,measurability
quantifier,logical quantifier
quantisation,quantization
quantitative analysis,quantitative chemical analysis
quantitative chemical analysis,quantitative analysis
quantitative relation,magnitude relation
quantity,measure
quantity unit,charge unit
quantization,quantisation
quantong,quandong
quantum chromodynamics,QCD
quantum electrodynamics,QED
quantum jump,quantum leap
quantum leap,quantum jump
quark,quark cheese
quark cheese,quark
quarrel,wrangle
quarreler,quarreller
quarreller,quarreler
quarrelsomeness,contentiousness
quarrier,quarryman
quarry,prey
quarryman,quarrier
quart,dry quart
quarter,one-fourth
quarter-circle,quadrant
quarter-hour,15 minutes
quarter-tone,quarter tone
quarter-vine,cross vine
quarter mile,440 yards
quarter note,crotchet
quarter round,ovolo
quarter tone,quarter-tone
quarterback,signal caller
quartern,one-fourth
quarters,living quarters
quartervine,cross vine
quartet,four
quartette,quartet
quartic,biquadrate
quartic polynomial,biquadratic
quarto,4to
quartz,quartz glass
quartz battery,quartz mill
quartz glass,quartz
quartz mill,quartz battery
quartz oscillator,crystal oscillator
quasar,quasi-stellar radio source
quasi-ngo,quango
quasi-stellar radio source,quasar
quassia,bitterwood
quassia amara,quassia
quassia family,Simaroubaceae
quat,kat
quatercentenary,quatercentennial
quatercentennial,quatercentenary
quatern,four
quaternary period,Quaternary
quaternion,four
quaternity,four
quaver,eighth note
quayage,wharfage
queasiness,squeamishness
quebec city,Quebec
quechuan language,Quechua
queen,queen regnant
queen's cup,bride's bonnet
queen's english,King's English
queen anne's lace,wild carrot
queen city,Charlotte
queen isabella,Isabella
queen mole rat,queen
queen of the may,May queen
queen of the night,Selenicereus grandiflorus
queen regnant,queen
queen triggerfish,Bessy cerca
queen victoria,Victoria
queenfish,white croaker
queensland kauri,dundathu pine
queensland lungfish,Australian lungfish
queer bird,kook
queer duck,kook
queerness,oddity
quelling,suppression
quellung,quellung reaction
quellung reaction,quellung
quenching,extinction
quentin jerome tarantino,Tarantino
quentin tarantino,Tarantino
quercitron,black oak
quercitron oak,black oak
quercus agrifolia,coast live oak
quercus alba,American white oak
quercus arizonica,Arizona white oak
quercus bicolor,swamp white oak
quercus borealis,northern red oak
quercus cerris,European turkey oak
quercus chrysolepis,canyon oak
quercus coccinea,scarlet oak
quercus ellipsoidalis,jack oak
quercus falcata,southern red oak
quercus garryana,Oregon white oak
quercus grosseserrata,Japanese oak
quercus ilex,holm oak
quercus ilicifolia,bear oak
quercus imbricaria,shingle oak
quercus incana,bluejack oak
quercus kelloggii,California black oak
quercus laevis,American turkey oak
quercus laurifolia,laurel oak
quercus lobata,California white oak
quercus lyrata,overcup oak
quercus macrocarpa,bur oak
quercus marilandica,blackjack oak
quercus michauxii,swamp chestnut oak
quercus mongolica,Japanese oak
quercus montana,basket oak
quercus muehlenbergii,chinquapin oak
quercus myrtifolia,myrtle oak
quercus nigra,water oak
quercus nuttalli,Nuttall oak
quercus palustris,pin oak
quercus petraea,durmast
quercus phellos,willow oak
quercus prinoides,dwarf chinkapin oak
quercus prinus,basket oak
quercus robur,common oak
quercus rubra,northern red oak
quercus sessiliflora,durmast
quercus shumardii,Shumard oak
quercus stellata,post oak
quercus suber,cork oak
quercus texana,Spanish oak
quercus vaccinifolia,huckleberry oak
quercus variabilis,Chinese cork oak
quercus velutina,black oak
quercus virginiana,southern live oak
quercus wislizenii,interior live oak
quercus wizlizenii,interior live oak
querier,inquirer
query,question
query language,command language
quest,pursuit
quester,seeker
question,inquiry
question mark,interrogation point
question master,quizmaster
question of fact,matter of fact
question of law,matter of law
question sheet,test paper
questioner,inquirer
quetzal,quetzal bird
quetzal bird,quetzal
queue,waiting line
qui vive,alert
quiaquia,round scad
quibble,quiddity
quibbler,caviller
quick-wittedness,mental quickness
quick assets,liquid assets
quick buck,fast buck
quick fix,band aid
quick grass,dog grass
quick study,sponge
quick temper,irascibility
quickener,invigorator
quickening,acceleration
quickie,band aid
quicklime,calcium oxide
quickness,adeptness
quicky,band aid
quid,British pound
quid pro quo,quid
quiddity,quibble
quidnunc,busybody
quiescence,dormancy
quiescency,dormancy
quietness,soundlessness
quietude,tranquillity
quietus,rest
quill,quill pen
quill feather,flight feather
quill pen,quill
quillwort family,Isoetaceae
quilt,comforter
quin,quintuplet
quinacrine,quinacrine hydrochloride
quinacrine hydrochloride,quinacrine
quince,quince bush
quince bush,quince
quincke's edema,angioedema
quinidex,quinidine
quinidine,Quinidex
quinine water,tonic
quinnat salmon,chinook
quinone,benzoquinone
quinora,quinidine
quinquagesima sunday,Quinquagesima
quinsy,peritonsillar abscess
quint,five
quintal,hundredweight
quintessence,ether
quintet,quintette
quintette,quintet
quintuplet,five
quintus septimius florens tertullianus,Tertullian
quip,epigram
quira,Panama redwood
quirk,oddity
quirk bead,bead and quirk
quirk molding,quirk moulding
quirk moulding,quirk molding
quirkiness,oddity
quiscalus quiscula,purple grackle
quisling,collaborator
quislingism,collaboration
quitclaim,quitclaim deed
quitclaim deed,quitclaim
quite a little,batch
quittance,repayment
quiver,frisson
quivering,shaking
quixotism,knight errantry
quizmaster,question master
quizzer,examiner
quoin,coign
quoits,horseshoes
quonset hut,Nissen hut
quotation,citation
quotation mark,quote
quote,quotation mark
quran,Koran
r,roentgen
r. b. cattell,Cattell
r. buckminster fuller,Fuller
r. j. mitchell,Mitchell
r.v.,recreational vehicle
r and b,rhythm and blues
ra,radium
rabato,rebato
rabbet,rebate
rabbet plane,openside plane
rabbi moses ben maimon,Maimonides
rabbit,coney
rabbit's-foot fern,golden polypody
rabbit-eared bandicoot,rabbit bandicoot
rabbit-eye blueberry,rabbiteye blueberry
rabbit-weed,rabbitweed
rabbit bandicoot,rabbit-eared bandicoot
rabbit brush,rabbit bush
rabbit burrow,rabbit hole
rabbit bush,rabbit brush
rabbit fever,tularemia
rabbit food,raw vegetable
rabbit hole,rabbit burrow
rabbit test,Friedman test
rabbit warren,warren
rabbiteye,rabbiteye blueberry
rabbiteye blueberry,rabbit-eye blueberry
rabbitfish,Chimaera monstrosa
rabbitweed,rabbit-weed
rabbitwood,buffalo nut
rabble,mob
rabble-rouser,demagogue
rabidity,madness
rabidness,madness
rabies,hydrophobia
rabindranath tagore,Tagore
raccoon,racoon
raccoon dog,Nyctereutes procyonides
raccoon fox,bassarisk
race,subspecies
race car,racer
race driver,racer
race horse,racehorse
race murder,genocide
race runner,racerunner
racecourse,racetrack
racehorse,race horse
racer,race driver
racerunner,race runner
racetrack,racecourse
raceway,race
rachel carson,Carson
rachel louise carson,Carson
rachet,ratchet
rachis,spinal column
rachischisis,spina bifida
rachitis,rickets
rachmaninov,Rachmaninoff
rachycentron canadum,cobia
racial discrimination,racism
racial extermination,genocide
racialism,racism
racialist,racist
raciness,pungency
racing car,racer
racing circuit,circuit
racing shell,shell
racing skate,speed skate
racing skiff,single shell
racing yacht,yacht
racism,racialism
rack,wrack
rack of lamb,crown roast
rack railway,cog railway
racket,fraudulent scheme
racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act,anti-racketeering law
racketiness,noisiness
racon,radar beacon
raconteur,anecdotist
racoon,raccoon
racquet,racket
rad,radian
radar,microwave radar
radar beacon,racon
radar dome,radome
radar target,blip
radclyffe hall,Hall
raddle,ruddle
radial-ply tire,radial
radial artery,arteria radialis
radial engine,rotary engine
radial nerve,nervus radialis
radial tire,radial
radial vein,vena radialis
radian,rad
radiance,glow
radiancy,radiance
radiatio optica,optic radiation
radiation,radiation sickness
radiation diagram,radiation pattern
radiation pattern,radiation diagram
radiation pressure,corpuscular-radiation pressure
radiation sickness,radiation syndrome
radiation syndrome,radiation sickness
radiation therapy,radiotherapy
radiator grille,grille
radical cell,terrorist cell
radical hysterectomy,panhysterectomy
radio-controlled aircraft,drone
radio-frequency spectrum,radio spectrum
radio-gramophone,radio-phonograph
radio-opacity,radiopacity
radio-phonograph,radio-gramophone
radio aerial,radio antenna
radio antenna,radio aerial
radio beacon,beacon
radio beam,beam
radio detection and ranging,radar
radio emission,radio wave
radio link,link
radio radiation,radio wave
radio receiver,receiving set
radio reflector,radio telescope
radio set,radio receiver
radio spectrum,radio-frequency spectrum
radio telescope,radio reflector
radio wave,radio emission
radioactive decay,decay
radioactive dust,fallout
radioactive iodine uptake test,RAIU
radioactivity,radiation
radiocarbon,carbon 14
radiocarbon dating,carbon dating
radiocarpal joint,wrist
radiochemist,nuclear chemist
radiochemistry,nuclear chemistry
radiocommunication,radio
radiogram,radiograph
radiograph,radiogram
radiography,skiagraphy
radiolocation,radar
radiologist,radiotherapist
radiology,radioscopy
radiopacity,radio-opacity
radiophone,radiotelephone
radiophoto,radiophotograph
radiophotograph,radiophoto
radioscopy,radiology
radiosensitivity,photosensitivity
radiotelegraph,radiotelegraphy
radiotelegraphic signal,telegraphic signal
radiotelegraphy,radiotelegraph
radiotelephone,radiotelephony
radiotelephony,radiotelephone
radiotherapist,radiologist
radiotherapy,radiation therapy
radiothorium,thorium-228
radish,daikon
radish plant,radish
radium,Ra
radium therapy,Curietherapy
radius,r
radix,base
radome,radar dome
radon,Rn
radyera farragei,bush hibiscus
raetam,retem
raf,Royal Air Force
raffaello santi,Raphael
raffaello sanzio,Raphael
raffia,raphia
raffia farinifera,raffia palm
raffia palm,Raffia farinifera
raffia ruffia,raffia palm
raffia taedigera,jupati
raffia vinifera,bamboo palm
raft,batch
rafter,balk
raftman,raftsman
rafts,tons
raftsman,raftman
rag,shred
rag gourd,luffa
rag trade,apparel industry
rag week,rag
ragamuffin,tatterdemalion
ragbag,odds and ends
rage,fury
ragee,finger millet
ragged-fringed orchid,ragged orchid
ragged orchid,ragged orchis
ragged orchis,ragged orchid
ragged robin,cuckoo flower
raggedness,roughness
ragi,finger millet
ragnar anton kittil frisch,Frisch
ragnar frisch,Frisch
ragnarok,Gotterdammerung
ragpicker's disease,pulmonary anthrax
ragsorter's disease,pulmonary anthrax
ragtag,rabble
ragtag and bobtail,rabble
ragtime,rag
ragusa,Dubrovnik
ragweed,ragwort
ragwort,tansy ragwort
raid,foray
raider,plunderer
rail,railing
rail-splitter,splitter
rail line,line
rail technology,railroading
railcar,car
railing,rail
raillery,banter
railroad,railway
railroad car,car
railroad engineer,engineer
railroad line,railway
railroad man,trainman
railroad siding,siding
railroad station,railway station
railroad terminal,railway station
railroad ticket,train ticket
railroad tie,tie
railroad track,railroad
railroad train,train
railroad vine,beach morning glory
railroad worm,apple maggot
railroader,trainman
railroading,rail technology
rails,track
railway,railroad
railway car,car
railway line,railway
railway locomotive,locomotive
railway man,trainman
railway station,railroad station
railway system,railway
railway yard,yard
railwayman,trainman
railyard,yard
raiment,array
rain,rainfall
rain-giver,Jupiter Pluvius
rain cloud,nimbus
rain forest,rainforest
rain gage,rain gauge
rain gauge,rain gage
rain shower,shower
rain tree,saman
rainbow fish,guppy
rainbow lorikeet,Trichoglossus moluccanus
rainbow perch,rainbow seaperch
rainbow pink,china pink
rainbow runner,Elagatis bipinnulata
rainbow seaperch,rainbow perch
rainbow shower,Cassia javonica
rainbow smelt,American smelt
rainbow trout,Salmo gairdneri
raincoat,waterproof
rainer maria rilke,Rilke
rainfall,rain
rainfly,tent-fly
rainforest,rain forest
raininess,foulness
rainwater,rain
raise,rise
raiser,agriculturist
raisin moth,Cadra figulilella
raising hell,hell raising
raiu,radioactive iodine uptake test
raja,rajah
raja batis,grey skate
raja erinacea,little skate
raja laevis,barndoor skate
raja radiata,thorny skate
rajah,raja
rajpoot,Rajput
rake,rakehell
rake-off,vigorish
rakehell,rake
rakishness,jauntiness
rale,rattle
ralegh,Raleigh
rally,mass meeting
rallying cry,war cry
ralph barton perry,Perry
ralph bunche,Bunche
ralph ellison,Ellison
ralph johnson bunche,Bunche
ralph richardson,Richardson
ralph vaughan williams,Vaughan Williams
ralph waldo ellison,Ellison
ralph waldo emerson,Emerson
ram,random-access memory
ram's-head,ram's-head lady's slipper
ram's-head lady's slipper,ram's-head
ram's horn,common unicorn plant
ramble,meander
rambotan,rambutan
rambutan,rambotan
rambutan tree,rambutan
ramee,ramie
ramekin,ramequin
ramequin,ramekin
rameses the great,Rameses II
ramesses,Rameses
ramesses ii,Rameses II
ramesses the great,Rameses II
ramie,ramee
ramification,branching
ramipril,Altace
ramjet,ramjet engine
ramjet engine,ramjet
ramon lully,Lully
ramona,common sage
ramontchi,governor's plum
ramp,incline
rampage,violent disorder
rampart,bulwark
rampion,rampion bellflower
rampion bellflower,rampion
ramses,Rameses
ramses ii,Rameses II
ramses the great,Rameses II
ramsons,wild garlic
rana cascadae,cascades frog
rana catesbeiana,bullfrog
rana clamitans,green frog
rana goliath,goliath frog
rana palustris,pickerel frog
rana pipiens,leopard frog
rana sylvatica,wood-frog
rana tarahumarae,tarahumara frog
rana temporaria,grass frog
ranalian complex,Magnoliidae
ranch,spread
rancor,resentment
rancour,resentment
randall jarrell,Jarrell
random-access memory,random access memory
random access memory,random-access memory
random memory,random-access memory
random variable,variate
randomisation,randomization
randomization,randomisation
randomness,entropy
ranee,rani
range,scope
range finder,rangefinder
range of a function,image
range of mountains,range
range pole,ranging pole
rangefinder,range finder
ranger,Texas Ranger
rangifer arcticus,barren ground caribou
rangifer caribou,woodland caribou
rangifer tarandus,caribou
ranging pole,range pole
rangoon,Yangon
rangpur,rangpur lime
rangpur lime,rangpur
rani,ranee
ranid,true frog
ranitidine,Zantac
rank-difference correlation,rank-order correlation coefficient
rank-difference correlation coefficient,rank-order correlation coefficient
rank-order correlation,rank-order correlation coefficient
rank-order correlation coefficient,rank-order correlation
rank and file,rank
rankness,richness
ransacking,rummage
ransom,ransom money
ransom money,ransom
rant,harangue
ranter,raver
ranting,harangue
ranunculales,Ranales
ranunculus acris,meadow buttercup
ranunculus aquatilis,water crowfoot
ranunculus bulbosus,common buttercup
ranunculus ficaria,lesser celandine
ranunculus flammula,lesser spearwort
ranunculus glaberrimus,sagebrush buttercup
ranunculus lingua,greater spearwort
ranunculus lyalii,mountain lily
ranunculus occidentalis,western buttercup
ranunculus repens,creeping buttercup
ranunculus sceleratus,cursed crowfoot
raoul dufy,Dufy
raoulia australis,sheep plant
raoulia lutescens,sheep plant
rap,blame
rap music,rap
rap sheet,blotter
rapaciousness,edacity
rapacity,edacity
rape,colza
rape oil,rapeseed oil
raper,rapist
rapeseed oil,rape oil
raphanus raphanistrum,jointed charlock
raphanus sativus,radish
raphanus sativus longipinnatus,radish
raphe,rhaphe
raphia,raffia
raphicerus campestris,steenbok
raphus cucullatus,dodo
rapid climb,rapid growth
rapid eye movement,paradoxical sleep
rapid eye movement sleep,paradoxical sleep
rapid growth,rapid climb
rapid transit,mass rapid transit
rapidity,celerity
rapidness,celerity
rapier,tuck
rapine,rape
rapist,raper
rappahannock river,Rappahannock
rappel,abseil
rappeller,abseiler
rapper,knocker
rapport,resonance
rapprochement,reconciliation
rapscallion,rogue
raptor,bird of prey
raptorial bird,bird of prey
rapture,ecstasy
raptus,seizure
rara avis,rare bird
rare-earth element,rare earth
rare bird,rara avis
rare earth,rare-earth element
rarebit,Welsh rarebit
raree-show,peepshow
rareness,rarity
rarity,rareness
ras,reticular activating system
ras tafari,Haile Selassie
ras tafari makonnen,Haile Selassie
rascal,rogue
rascality,prankishness
rasher,vermillion rockfish
rashness,heedlessness
rasmus christian rask,Rask
rasp,rasping
rasp fern,doodia
raspberry,raspberry bush
raspberry bush,raspberry
rassling,wrestling
rasta,Rastafarian
rastas,Rastafari
raster font,screen font
rat,scab
rat's-tail cactus,rattail cactus
rat-a-tat,rat-a-tat-tat
rat-a-tat-tat,rat-a-tat
rat-catcher,disinfestation officer
rat-tat,rat-a-tat-tat
rat cheese,store cheese
rat chinchilla,abrocome
rat kangaroo,kangaroo rat
rat terrier,ratter
rat typhus,murine typhus
ratability,rateability
ratables,rateables
ratafee,ratafia
ratafia,ratafee
ratafia biscuit,ratafia
ratan,rattan
rataplan,rub-a-dub
ratbite fever bacterium,Spirillum minus
ratch,ratchet
ratchet,rachet
ratchet screwdriver,spiral ratchet screwdriver
rate,charge per unit
rate of attrition,attrition rate
rate of depreciation,depreciation rate
rate of exchange,exchange rate
rate of flow,flow
rate of growth,growth rate
rate of inflation,inflation rate
rate of interest,interest rate
rate of pay,pay rate
rate of payment,payment rate
rate of respiration,respiratory rate
rateability,ratability
rateables,ratables
ratel,honey badger
rates,rate
ratibida columnaris,Mexican hat
ratibida columnifera,long-head coneflower
ratibida tagetes,prairie coneflower
ratification,confirmation
ratifier,subscriber
rating,evaluation
rating system,scoring system
ratio,proportion
ratiocination,conclusion
ratiocinator,reasoner
rational number,rational
rationale,principle
rationalisation,rationalization
rationalism,freethinking
rationality,reason
rationalization,rationalisation
rationalness,rationality
ratite,ratite bird
ratite bird,ratite
ratlin,ratline
ratline,ratlin
ratsbane,arsenic
rattail,grenadier
rattail cactus,rat's-tail cactus
rattail fish,grenadier
rattan,rattan palm
rattan cane,rattan
rattan palm,rattan
ratter,deserter
ratting,informing
rattle,rattling
rattle-top,black cohosh
rattle weed,indigo broom
rattlebox,crotalaria
rattler,rattlesnake
rattlesnake,rattler
rattlesnake's master,rattlesnake master
rattlesnake fern,Botrychium virginianum
rattlesnake master,rattlesnake's master
rattlesnake plantain,helleborine
rattlesnake root,Prenanthes purpurea
rattlesnake weed,Hieracium venosum
rattus norvegicus,brown rat
rattus rattus,black rat
rau-sed,reserpine
raudixin,reserpine
rauli beech,Nothofagus procera
raunch,coarseness
rauvolfia,rauwolfia
rauwolfia,rauvolfia
rauwolfia serpentina,snakewood
ravage,depredation
raveling,ravelling
ravelling,raveling
raven,Corvus corax
ravenala,traveler's tree
ravenala madagascariensis,traveler's tree
ravenousness,edacity
raver,ranter
ravi shankar,Shankar
ravigote,ravigotte
ravigotte,ravigote
ravioli,cappelletti
ravisher,violator
ravishment,entrancement
raw material,staple
raw sienna,yellowish brown
raw throat,sore throat
raw vegetable,rabbit food
rawness,incompleteness
ray,beam
ray bradbury,Bradbury
ray cattell,Cattell
ray douglas bradbury,Bradbury
ray floret,ray flower
ray flower,ray floret
ray m. dolby,Dolby
ray of light,beam
ray robinson,Robinson
rayless chamomile,pineapple weed
raymond b. cattell,Cattell
raymond bernard cattell,Cattell
raymond chandler,Chandler
raymond lully,Lully
raymond thornton chandler,Chandler
raynaud's sign,acrocyanosis
rayon stocking,nylons
rayons,nylons
razing,wrecking
razmataz,razzle-dazzle
razor-billed auk,razorbill
razor-fish,razor fish
razor clam,jackknife clam
razor fish,razor-fish
razorback hog,razorback
razorbacked hog,razorback
razorbill,razor-billed auk
razz,boo
razzing,boo
razzle,razzle-dazzle
razzle-dazzle,razzle
razzmatazz,razzle-dazzle
rb,rubidium
rbc,red blood cell
rbi,run batted in
rcmp,Royal Canadian Mounted Police
re,rhenium
re-afforestation,reforestation
re-experiencing,reliving
re-formation,regeneration
re-sentencing,commutation
re-uptake,reuptake
rea silvia,Rhea Silvia
reabsorption,resorption
reach,range
reaching,reach
reacquired stock,treasury stock
reaction,chemical reaction
reaction-propulsion engine,reaction engine
reaction engine,reaction-propulsion engine
reaction time,response time
reactive depression,exogenous depression
reactive schizophrenia,acute schizophrenic episode
reactivity,responsiveness
reactor,nuclear reactor
read-only memory,ROM
read-only storage,read-only memory
read-out,readout
read/write head,head
read/write memory,random-access memory
read method,Read method of childbirth
readability,legibility
reader,subscriber
readiness,preparedness
reading,meter reading
reading desk,lectern
reading material,reading
readjustment,adjustment
readout,read-out
ready cash,cold cash
ready money,ready cash
ready reckoner,reckoner
readying,preparation
reaffirmation,reassertion
real-time operation,real-time processing
real-time processing,real-time operation
real estate,real property
real estate agent,real estate broker
real estate broker,real estate agent
real estate loan,mortgage loan
real gnp,real gross national product
real gross national product,real GNP
real irish republican army,Real IRA
real life,real world
real number,real
real property,real estate
real stuff,real McCoy
real tennis,royal tennis
real thing,real McCoy
real world,real life
realisation,realization
realism,pragmatism
reality,world
realization,realisation
reallocation,reallotment
reallotment,reapportionment
realm,kingdom
realness,reality
realpolitik,practical politics
realty,real property
reamer,juicer
reap hook,sickle
reaper,harvester
reaper binder,binder
reaping hook,sickle
reappearance,return
reapportionment,reallotment
reappraisal,revaluation
rear end,buttocks
rear lamp,taillight
rear light,taillight
rear of barrel,breech
rear of tube,breech
reason,ground
reasonable care,due care
reasonableness,rationality
reasoner,ratiocinator
reasoning backward,regress
reasoning by elimination,elimination
reassembly,refabrication
reassertion,reaffirmation
reassessment,reappraisal
reata,lasso
reb,Rebel
rebate,discount
rebato,rabato
rebecca rolfe,Pocahontas
rebecca west,West
rebekah,Rebecca
rebellion,insurrection
rebelliousness,defiance
rebirth,metempsychosis
rebound,recoil
reboxetine,Edronax
rebuff,slight
rebuke,reproof
rebuker,upbraider
reburial,reburying
reburying,reburial
rebuttal,rebutter
rebutter,disprover
rec room,recreation room
recalcitrance,refractoriness
recalcitrancy,refractoriness
recall,callback
recall dose,booster
recantation,retraction
recap,recapitulation
recapitulation,palingenesis
recapture,retaking
recasting,rewording
recce,recco
recco,recce
reccy,recce
receipt,reception
receipts,gross
receiver,receiving system
receiving set,radio receiver
receiving system,receiver
recency,recentness
recent epoch,Holocene
recentness,recency
reception,response
receptive aphasia,Wernicke's aphasia
receptiveness,receptivity
receptivity,receptiveness
receptor,sense organ
recess,deferral
recession,recess
recessional march,processional march
recessive allele,recessive
rechewed food,cud
recidivist,repeater
recipe,formula
recipient,receiver
recipient role,recipient
reciprocal-inhibition therapy,reciprocal inhibition
reciprocal cross,reciprocal
reciprocal inhibition,reciprocal-inhibition therapy
reciprocal ohm,mho
reciprocality,reciprocity
reciprocating saw,saber saw
reciprocation,interchange
reciprocity,reciprocality
recission,rescission
recital,narration
recitation,recital
recklessness,foolhardiness
reckoner,calculator
reckoning,calculation
reclamation,renewal
recliner,reclining chair
reclining chair,recliner
recognisance,recognizance
recognition,acknowledgment
recognizance,recognisance
recoil,kick
recollection,remembrance
recombinant deoxyribonucleic acid,recombinant DNA
recombinant dna,recombinant deoxyribonucleic acid
recombinant dna technology,genetic engineering
recombinant human insulin,Humulin
recommencement,resumption
recommendation,testimonial
recompense,compensation
reconciler,conciliator
reconciliation,rapprochement
reconditeness,abstruseness
reconnaissance,reconnaissance mission
reconnaissance mission,reconnaissance
reconnaissance vehicle,scout car
reconnoitering,scouting
reconnoitring,scouting
reconsideration,second thought
reconstruction period,Reconstruction
reconstructive memory,reconstruction
reconstructive surgery,plastic surgery
record,phonograph record
record-breaker,record-holder
record-holder,record-breaker
record-keeper,registrar
record album,album
record book,record
record changer,auto-changer
record cover,record sleeve
record hop,hop
record player,phonograph
record sleeve,record cover
recorder,recording equipment
recording,transcription
recording equipment,recorder
recording label,label
recording machine,recorder
recounting,relation
recourse,resort
recoverer,rescuer
recovery,convalescence
recreation,diversion
recreation facility,recreational facility
recreation room,rec room
recreational facility,recreation facility
recreational vehicle,RV
recruit,military recruit
recruitment,enlisting
rectal artery,arteria rectalis
rectal reflex,defecation reflex
rectal vein,hemorrhoidal vein
rectangularity,oblongness
rectification,correction
rectifying tube,diode
rectifying valve,diode
rectilinear regression,linear regression
rectitude,uprightness
rectocele,proctocele
rectoplasty,proctoplasty
rector,curate
rectorate,rectorship
rectorship,rectorate
rectory,parsonage
rectus inferior,inferior rectus muscle
rectus lateralis,abducens muscle
rectus medialis,medial rectus muscle
rectus superior,superior rectus muscle
recuperation,convalescence
recurrence,return
recurrent event,periodic event
recurrent fever,relapsing fever
recurring decimal,circulating decimal
recusal,recusation
recusation,recusal
red-backed lemming,grey lemming
red-backed mouse,redback vole
red-backed sandpiper,dunlin
red-bellied snake,Storeria occipitamaculata
red-bellied terrapin,red-bellied turtle
red-bellied turtle,red-bellied terrapin
red-berried elder,European red elder
red-berry,redberry
red-blindness,protanopia
red-breasted merganser,Mergus serrator
red-breasted nuthatch,Sitta canadensis
red-breasted sapsucker,Sphyrapicus varius ruber
red-breasted snipe,Limnodromus scolopaceus
red-eyed vireo,Vireo olivaceous
red-flowered silky oak,Grevillea banksii
red-green color blindness,red-green dichromacy
red-green colour blindness,red-green dichromacy
red-green dichromacy,red-green color blindness
red-header,redhead
red-hot poker,Kniphofia praecox
red-legged partridge,Alectoris ruffa
red-necked grebe,Podiceps grisegena
red-shafted flicker,Colaptes caper collaris
red-shouldered hawk,Buteo lineatus
red-skinned onion,Allium haematochiton
red-spotted purple,Limenitis astyanax
red-tailed hawk,redtail
red-veined pie plant,Himalayan rhubarb
red-winged blackbird,redwing
red admiral,Vanessa atalanta
red alder,Oregon alder
red amaranth,prince's-feather
red angel's trumpet,Brugmansia sanguinea
red ash,downy ash
red baneberry,redberry
red bat,Lasiurus borealis
red bay,laurel-tree
red bearberry,common bearberry
red beech,American beech
red birch,black birch
red bird's eye,red campion
red blood cell,RBC
red bone marrow,red marrow
red bordeaux,claret
red brass,guinea gold
red bryony,wild hop
red campion,red bird's eye
red cedar,western red cedar
red cent,damn
red china,China
red clover,purple clover
red cole,horseradish
red coral,coral
red currant,garden current
red cypress pine,black cypress pine
red dagga,dagga
red deer,elk
red devil,secobarbital sodium
red dogwood,common European dogwood
red drum,channel bass
red dwarf,red dwarf star
red dwarf star,red dwarf
red eft,Notophthalmus viridescens
red elm,September elm
red false mallow,prairie mallow
red fox,Celosia argentea
red giant,red giant star
red giant star,red giant
red ginger,Alpinia purpurata
red goatfish,Mullus auratus
red goosefoot,French spinach
red gram,pigeon pea
red grouse,moorfowl
red gum,eucalyptus gum
red haw,Crataegus pedicellata
red heat,fieriness
red helleborine,Cephalanthera rubra
red herring,smoked herring
red hot,hotdog
red indian,Indian
red ink,loss
red jungle fowl,Gallus gallus
red juniper,eastern red cedar
red kauri,Agathis lanceolata
red lauan,red lauan tree
red lauan tree,red lauan
red laver,laver
red lead,minium
red light,warning light
red maids,redmaids
red man,Redskin
red maple,scarlet maple
red marrow,red bone marrow
red morning-glory,star ipomoea
red mulberry,Morus rubra
red mullet,goatfish
red notice,International Wanted Notice
red onion,purple onion
red osier,red osier dogwood
red osier dogwood,red osier
red panda,lesser panda
red pepper,cayenne
red periwinkle,periwinkle
red phalarope,Phalaropus fulicarius
red pimpernel,scarlet pimpernel
red pine,rimu
red planet,Mars
red porgy,Pagrus pagrus
red rat snake,corn snake
red region,hellfire
red river,Red
red rockfish,Sebastodes ruberrimus
red salmon,sockeye
red sandalwood,ruby wood
red sanders,red sandalwood
red sanderswood,red sandalwood
red saunders,red sandalwood
red setter,Irish setter
red shift,redshift
red shrubby penstemon,redwood penstemon
red silk-cotton tree,simal
red silver fir,amabilis fir
red siskin,Carduelis cucullata
red snapper,Lutjanus blackfordi
red sorrel,roselle
red spider,red spider mite
red spider mite,red spider
red sprites,sprites
red spruce,eastern spruce
red squirrel,American red squirrel
red sun,Puka Inti
red tape,bureaucratic procedure
red trillium,toadshade
red underwing,Catocala nupta
red valerian,French honeysuckle
red willow,purple willow
red wolf,maned wolf
red worm,earthworm
redact,redactor
redaction,editing
redactor,redact
redback vole,red-backed mouse
redbelly,red-bellied terrapin
redberry,red-berry
redbird,scarlet tanager
redbird cactus,Jewbush
redbird flower,Jewbush
redbreast,robin
redbrush,red osier
redbud,Cercis canadensis
redbug,harvest mite
redcoat,lobsterback
reddish blue,violet
reddish brown,sepia
reddish purple,royal purple
reddle,ruddle
redeemer,Jesus
redemption,salvation
redeployment,redisposition
redevelopment,renovation
redeye,redeye flight
redeye flight,redeye
redfin pickerel,barred pickerel
redfish,rosefish
redhead,redheader
redheaded woodpecker,redhead
redheader,redhead
redhorse,redhorse sucker
redhorse sucker,redhorse
redirect examination,reexamination
redisposition,redeployment
redmaids,red maids
redneck,cracker
redness,inflammation
redolence,bouquet
redox,oxidation-reduction
redpoll,Carduelis hornemanni
redress,damages
redroot,bloodroot
redshank,Tringa totanus
redshift,red shift
redstart,American redstart
redstem storksbill,alfilaria
redtail,red-tailed hawk
reduced instruction set computer,reduced instruction set computing
reduced instruction set computing,reduced instruction set computer
reducer,reducing agent
reducing,reduction
reducing agent,reducer
reducing diet,obesity diet
reductant,reducing agent
reductio,reductio ad absurdum
reductio ad absurdum,reductio
reduction,decrease
reduction division,meiosis
reductivism,minimalism
redundance,redundancy
redundancy,redundance
redundancy check,parity check
reduplication,anadiplosis
reduviid,assassin bug
redwing,red-winged blackbird
redwood,sequoia
redwood family,Taxodiaceae
redwood penstemon,red shrubby penstemon
reed bunting,Emberiza schoeniclus
reed canary grass,gardener's garters
reed instrument,beating-reed instrument
reed mace,cat's-tail
reed meadow grass,Glyceria grandis
reed organ,harmonium
reed rhapis,slender lady palm
reedbird,bobolink
reedmace,cat's-tail
reef,Witwatersrand
reef knot,flat knot
reef squirrelfish,Holocentrus coruscus
reef whitetip shark,whitetip shark
reefer,joint
reek,malodor
reel,bobbin
reeler,staggerer
reenforcement,reinforcement
reentering angle,reentrant angle
reentering polygon,reentrant polygon
reentrant angle,reentering angle
reentrant polygon,reentering polygon
reexamination,redirect examination
ref,referee
refabrication,reassembly
referee,ref
refereeing,umpirage
reference,mention
reference book,reference
reference frame,coordinate system
reference point,point of reference
reference system,coordinate system
reference work,reference book
refilling,replenishment
refined sugar,sugar
refinement,polish
refining,refinement
refining industry,oil industry
refinisher,renovator
reflectance,coefficient of reflection
reflecting telescope,reflector
reflection,contemplation
reflection factor,coefficient of reflection
reflective power,albedo
reflectiveness,reflectivity
reflectivity,coefficient of reflection
reflector,reflecting telescope
reflex action,reflex
reflex response,reflex
reflexion,reflection
reflexive pronoun,reflexive
reflexiveness,reflexivity
reflexivity,reflexiveness
reflux,ebb
reforestation,re-afforestation
reform school,reformatory
reformer,reformist
refraction,deflection
refractive index,index of refraction
refractiveness,refractivity
refractivity,refractiveness
refractoriness,unmanageableness
refractory anaemia,refractory anemia
refractory anemia,refractory anaemia
refractory pot,bone-ash cup
refrain,chorus
refresher,refresher course
refresher course,refresher
refreshment,recreation
refried beans,frijoles refritos
refrigeration,infrigidation
refrigerator,icebox
refueling,fueling
refuge,safety
refugee camp,camp
refulgence,radiance
refulgency,radiance
refund,repayment
refurbishment,renovation
refuse,garbage
refuse collector,garbage man
refuse heap,garbage heap
refutal,falsification
refutation,defense
refuter,rebutter
regaining,restitution
regalecus glesne,oarfish
regalia,array
regard,respect
regeneration,positive feedback
regime,government
regimen,regime
reginald carey harrison,Harrison
reginald joseph mitchell,Mitchell
reginald marsh,Marsh
regiomontanus,Muller
region,part
regional anaesthesia,regional anesthesia
regional anatomy,topographic anatomy
regional anesthesia,regional anaesthesia
regional enteritis,regional ileitis
regional ileitis,regional enteritis
register,registry
registered mail,registered post
registered nurse,RN
registered post,registered mail
registered representative,account executive
registrar,record-keeper
registration,enrollment
registration number,license number
registry,register
regnellidium,Regnellidium diphyllum
regnellidium diphyllum,regnellidium
regress,reasoning backward
regression,arrested development
regression curve,regression line
regression equation,regression of y on x
regression line,regression curve
regression of y on x,regression equation
regression toward the mean,regression
regret,sorrow
regrets,declination
regular army,army
regular convex polyhedron,regular polyhedron
regular convex solid,regular polyhedron
regular hexahedron,cube
regular polyhedron,regular convex solid
regular recurrence,rhythm
regularisation,regularization
regularity,geometrical regularity
regularization,regularisation
regulating,regulation
regulator,governor
regulator gene,regulatory gene
regulatory agency,regulatory authority
regulatory authority,regulatory agency
regulatory gene,regulator gene
regulatory offence,statutory offense
regulatory offense,statutory offense
regulus calendula,ruby-crowned kinglet
regulus regulus,goldcrest
regulus satrata,gold-crowned kinglet
regur,regur soil
regur soil,regur
regurgitation,vomit
rehabilitation,reclamation
reharmonisation,reharmonization
reharmonization,reharmonisation
rehearing,relistening
rehearsal,dry run
reification,hypostatization
reign,sovereignty
reims,Rheims
rein orchid,rein orchis
rein orchis,rein orchid
reincarnation,rebirth
reindeer,caribou
reindeer lichen,reindeer moss
reindeer moss,reindeer lichen
reinforced concrete,ferroconcrete
reinforcement,support
reinforcer,reinforcing stimulus
reinforcing stimulus,reinforcer
reinhold niebuhr,Niebuhr
reissue,reprint
reit,Real Estate Investment Trust
reiter's disease,Reiter's syndrome
reiteration,reduplication
reject,cull
rejoicing in the law,Shimchath Torah
rejoicing of the law,Shimchath Torah
rejoicing over the law,Shimchath Torah
rejoinder,retort
rejuvenation,greening
relafen,nabumetone
relapse,backsliding
relapsing,backsliding
relapsing fever,recurrent fever
relation,sexual intercourse
relation back,relation
relational adjective,classifying adjective
relations,dealings
relationship,human relationship
relative-in-law,in-law
relative atomic mass,atomic mass
relative frequency,frequency
relative incidence,incidence
relative majority,plurality
relative molecular mass,molecular weight
relativity,theory of relativity
relativity theory,relativity
relaxation,relaxation behavior
relaxation behavior,relaxation
relaxation method,relaxation
relay,relay race
relay link,booster
relay race,relay
relay station,booster
relay transmitter,booster
release,liberation
releasing factor,releasing hormone
releasing hormone,releasing factor
relegating,delegating
relegation,delegating
relentlessness,inexorability
relevance,relevancy
relevancy,relevance
reliability,dependability
reliableness,dependability
reliance,trust
relic,keepsake
relief,alleviation
relief map,contour map
relief pitcher,reliever
relief printing,letterpress
relief valve,safety valve
reliever,stand-in
relievo,relief
religion,faith
religionism,religiosity
religiosity,religionism
religious belief,religion
religious ceremony,religious ritual
religious cult,cult
religious doctrine,church doctrine
religious festival,church festival
religious holiday,holy day
religious music,church music
religious mystic,mystic
religious mysticism,mysticism
religious offering,Oblation
religious order,sect
religious outcast,heretic
religious residence,cloister
religious rite,rite
religious ritual,religious ceremony
religious sect,sect
religious service,service
religious text,sacred text
religious trance,ecstatic state
religious writing,sacred text
religiousism,religiosity
religiousness,devoutness
relinquishing,relinquishment
relinquishment,relinquishing
relish,gusto
relishing,tasting
relistening,rehearing
reliving,re-experiencing
relocation,resettlement
reluctance,hesitancy
rem,paradoxical sleep
rem sleep,paradoxical sleep
remainder,balance
remains,cadaver
remake,remaking
remaking,remake
remark,comment
rematch,replay
rembrandt harmensz van rijn,Rembrandt
rembrandt van rijn,Rembrandt
rembrandt van ryn,Rembrandt
remediation,redress
remedy,redress
remembering,memory
remembrance,recollection
remembrance sunday,Remembrance Day
remicade,infliximab
remilegia australis,whale sucker
remilitarisation,remilitarization
remilitarization,remilitarisation
reminder,admonisher
reminiscence,recall
remise,coach house
remission,remittal
remission of sin,absolution
remissness,laxness
remit,remission
remitment,remittance
remittal,remittance
remittance,remittal
remnant,leftover
remonstrance,expostulation
remonstration,expostulation
remora,suckerfish
remorse,compunction
remote-access data processing,distributed data processing
remote control,remote
remote station,remote terminal
remote terminal,link-attached terminal
remoteness,farness
remotion,removal
removal,remotion
removal company,mover
removal firm,mover
remuneration,wage
remunerator,payer
renal artery,arteria renalis
renal calculus,kidney stone
renal corpuscle,malpighian body
renal disorder,kidney disease
renal failure,kidney failure
renal lithiasis,nephrolithiasis
renal pelvis,pelvis
renal vein,vena renalis
renascence,Renaissance
renata tebaldi,Tebaldi
rendering,rendition
rendezvous,tryst
rendition,rendering
rene-robert cavelier,LaSalle
rene antoine ferchault de reaumur,Reaumur
rene descartes,Descartes
rene magritte,Magritte
renegade state,rogue state
renege,revoke
renewal,reclamation
rennin,chymosin
renouncement,renunciation
renovation,redevelopment
renovator,refinisher
renown,fame
rent,rip
rent-a-car,car rental
rente,annuity
renter,tenant
renting,rental
renunciation,repudiation
reorganisation,reorganization
reorganization,reorganisation
reorientation,change of direction
rep,repp
repair,fix
repair shed,airdock
repair shop,fix-it shop
repairer,mender
repairman,maintenance man
reparation,repair
repast,meal
repayment,refund
repayment rate,payment rate
repeal,abrogation
repeat,repetition
repeater,recidivist
repeating,repetition
repeating decimal,circulating decimal
repeating firearm,repeater
repentance,penitence
repercussion,reverberation
repertoire,repertory
repertory,repertoire
repertory company,stock company
repetition,repeat
repetitiousness,repetitiveness
repetitiveness,repetitiousness
rephrasing,rewording
replaceability,substitutability
replacement,replacing
replacing,replacement
replay,rematch
replenishment,refilling
repletion,satiety
replica,replication
replication,reproduction
reply,answer
report,study
report card,report
reportage,coverage
reporter,newsman
reporting,coverage
repose,rest
repositing,reposition
reposition,repositing
repository,depository
repp,rep
reprehension,rebuke
representation,mental representation
representative sample,stratified sample
representative sampling,stratified sampling
represser,repressor
repressor,represser
reprieve,respite
reprimand,rebuke
reprint,reissue
reprinting,reissue
reproacher,upbraider
reproducibility,duplicability
reproduction,reproductive memory
reproduction cost,physical value
reproductive cell,germ cell
reproductive memory,reproduction
reproductive organ,sex organ
reproductive system,genital system
reproof,rebuke
reproval,rebuke
reprover,upbraider
reptile,reptilian
republic,democracy
republic of albania,Albania
republic of angola,Angola
republic of armenia,Armenia
republic of austria,Austria
republic of belarus,Belarus
republic of benin,Benin
republic of bolivia,Bolivia
republic of bosnia and herzegovina,Bosnia and Herzegovina
republic of botswana,Botswana
republic of bulgaria,Bulgaria
republic of burundi,Burundi
republic of cameroon,Cameroon
republic of cape verde,Cape Verde
republic of chad,Chad
republic of chile,Chile
republic of china,Taiwan
republic of colombia,Colombia
republic of costa rica,Costa Rica
republic of cote d'ivoire,Ivory Coast
republic of croatia,Croatia
republic of cuba,Cuba
republic of cyprus,Cyprus
republic of djibouti,Djibouti
republic of ecuador,Ecuador
republic of el salvador,El Salvador
republic of equatorial guinea,Equatorial Guinea
republic of estonia,Estonia
republic of fiji,Fiji
republic of finland,Finland
republic of ghana,Ghana
republic of guatemala,Guatemala
republic of guinea,Guinea
republic of guinea-bissau,Guinea-Bissau
republic of haiti,Haiti
republic of honduras,Honduras
republic of hungary,Hungary
republic of iceland,Iceland
republic of india,India
republic of indonesia,Indonesia
republic of iraq,Iraq
republic of ireland,Ireland
republic of kazakhstan,Kazakhstan
republic of kenya,Kenya
republic of kiribati,Kiribati
republic of korea,South Korea
republic of latvia,Latvia
republic of liberia,Liberia
republic of lithuania,Lithuania
republic of madagascar,Madagascar
republic of malawi,Malawi
republic of maldives,Maldives
republic of mali,Mali
republic of malta,Malta
republic of mauritius,Mauritius
republic of moldova,Moldova
republic of mozambique,Mozambique
republic of namibia,Namibia
republic of nauru,Nauru
republic of nicaragua,Nicaragua
republic of niger,Niger
republic of palau,Palau
republic of panama,Panama
republic of paraguay,Paraguay
republic of peru,Peru
republic of poland,Poland
republic of san marino,San Marino
republic of senegal,Senegal
republic of seychelles,Seychelles
republic of sierra leone,Sierra Leone
republic of singapore,Singapore
republic of slovenia,Slovenia
republic of south africa,South Africa
republic of suriname,Suriname
republic of tajikistan,Tajikistan
republic of the congo,Congo
republic of the gambia,Gambia
republic of the marshall islands,Marshall Islands
republic of the philippines,Philippines
republic of the sudan,Sudan
republic of trinidad and tobago,Trinidad and Tobago
republic of tunisia,Tunisia
republic of turkey,Turkey
republic of uganda,Uganda
republic of uzbekistan,Uzbekistan
republic of vanuatu,Vanuatu
republic of venezuela,Venezuela
republic of yemen,Yemen
republic of zambia,Zambia
republic of zimbabwe,Zimbabwe
republican river,Republican
republication,republishing
republishing,republication
repudiation,renunciation
repugnance,repulsion
repulse,rebuff
repulsion,repulsive force
repulsive force,repulsion
repulsiveness,loathsomeness
repurchase,redemption
reputability,respectability
reputation,repute
repute,reputation
request,petition
requester,petitioner
requiem,dirge
requirement,demand
requisition,requisition form
requisition form,requisition
requital,retribution
rerebrace,upper cannon
reredos,altarpiece
res,reticuloendothelial system
res adjudicata,res judicata
res judicata,res adjudicata
res publica,state
rescission,recission
rescript,decree
rescriptor,delavirdine
rescue,deliverance
rescuer,savior
research,inquiry
research center,research facility
research director,director of research
research facility,research center
research lab,lab
research laboratory,lab
research project,scientific research
research rocket,test rocket
research worker,researcher
researcher,research worker
reseda luteola,dyer's rocket
reseda odorata,mignonette
resentment,bitterness
reserpine,Raudixin
reservation,reserve
reserve,modesty
reserve account,reserve fund
reserve bank,Federal Reserve Bank
reserve fund,reserve account
reserves,militia
reservoir,artificial lake
resettlement,relocation
resht,Rasht
reshuffle,reshuffling
reshuffling,reshuffle
resid,residual oil
residence,abode
residence hall,dormitory
residency,residence
resident physician,house physician
residential area,residential district
residential district,residential area
residual clay,residual soil
residual oil,resid
residual soil,residual clay
residue,remainder
residuum,remainder
resignation,surrender
resilience,resiliency
resiliency,resilience
resin,rosin
resistance,opposition
resistance thermometer,platinum thermometer
resister,obstructionist
resistivity,electric resistance
resistor,resistance
resoluteness,firmness
resolution,declaration
resolve,resoluteness
resolvent,solvent
resolving,resolution
resolving power,resolution
resonance,plangency
resonant circuit,resonator
resonating chamber,resonator
resonator,cavity resonator
resorcinolphthalein,fluorescein
resorption,reabsorption
resort,resort hotel
resort area,playground
resort hotel,resort
resource,resourcefulness
resourcefulness,resource
respect,regard
respectability,reputability
respectfulness,deference
respects,respect
respiration,internal respiration
respirator,inhalator
respiratory acidosis,carbon dioxide acidosis
respiratory disease,respiratory illness
respiratory disorder,respiratory disease
respiratory distress syndrome,respiratory distress syndrome of the newborn
respiratory distress syndrome of the newborn,respiratory distress syndrome
respiratory illness,respiratory disease
respiratory infection,respiratory tract infection
respiratory rate,rate of respiration
respiratory system,systema respiratorium
respiratory tract,airway
respiratory tract infection,respiratory infection
respite,reprieve
resplendence,glory
resplendency,glory
resplendent quetzel,resplendent trogon
resplendent trogon,resplendent quetzel
responder,respondent
response,reaction
response time,reaction time
responsibility,duty
responsibleness,responsibility
responsiveness,reactivity
rest,remainder
rest-harrow,restharrow
rest area,pull-off
rest day,day of rest
rest home,home
rest period,respite
rest stop,pull-off
restaurant,eating house
restaurant attendant,dining-room attendant
restauranter,restaurateur
restaurateur,restauranter
restharrow,rest-harrow
restitution,damages
restiveness,jitteriness
restless legs,restless legs syndrome
restless legs syndrome,restless legs
restlessness,impatience
restorer,refinisher
restoril,temazepam
restrainer,controller
restraint,control
restriction,limitation
restriction endonuclease,restriction nuclease
restriction enzyme,restriction endonuclease
restriction nuclease,restriction endonuclease
restrictiveness,unpermissiveness
restroom,public toilet
result,consequence
resultant role,result
resume,sketch
resumption,recommencement
resurgence,revival
resurrection fern,grey polypody
resurrection of christ,Resurrection
resurrection plant,rose of Jericho
retail merchant,retailer
retail store,mercantile establishment
retailer,retail merchant
retainer,consideration
retaking,recapture
retaliation,revenge
retaliator,avenger
retama raetam,retem
retard,idiot
retardant,retardent
retardation,deceleration
retardent,retardant
retarding force,drag
retch,heave
rete,plexus
rete malpighii,stratum germinativum
retem,raetam
retention,keeping
retentiveness,memory
retentivity,memory
rethink,reconsideration
reticence,reserve
reticle,reticule
reticular activating system,RAS
reticular formation,RF
reticulated python,Python reticulatus
reticule,reticle
reticuloendothelial system,RES
retinal cone,cone
retinal detachment,detachment of the retina
retinal purple,visual purple
retinal rod,rod
retinene,retinal
retinol,vitamin A1
retinue,cortege
retired person,retiree
retiree,retired person
retirement,retreat
retirement account,pension plan
retirement benefit,old-age pension
retirement check,old-age pension
retirement community,retirement complex
retirement complex,retirement community
retirement fund,old-age pension
retirement pension,old-age pension
retirement plan,pension plan
retirement program,pension plan
retirement savings account,pension plan
retirement savings plan,pension plan
retort,rejoinder
retraction,abjuration
retread,recap
retreat,hideaway
retrenchment,curtailment
retribution,requital
retrieval,recovery
retroflection,retroversion
retroflexion,retroversion
retrogression,degeneration
retromandibular vein,vena retromandibularis
retroversion,retroflection
retrovir,zidovudine
return,tax return
return key,return
return on invested capital,return on investment
return on investment,return on invested capital
return ticket,round-trip ticket
reuben lucius goldberg,Goldberg
reunification,reunion
reunion,reunification
reuptake,re-uptake
rev,revolutions per minute
revaluation,reappraisal
reveille,wake-up signal
revel,revelry
revelation,disclosure
revelation of saint john the divine,Revelation
reveler,reveller
reveller,reveler
revelry,revel
revenge,retaliation
revenue,gross
revenue enhancement,tax
revenue stamp,stamp
reverberance,plangency
reverberation,echo
reverence,fear
reverend dodgson,Carroll
reverie,revery
revers,revere
reversal,reverse
reverse fault,thrust fault
reverse gear,reverse
reverse lightning,jet
reverse polish notation,postfix notation
reverse split,reverse stock split
reverse stock split,reverse split
reversion,atavism
reversionary annuity,survivorship annuity
reversionist,recidivist
revery,reverie
revetement,revetment
revetment,revetement
review,reappraisal
review article,review
reviewer,referee
revilement,abuse
revisal,revision
revise,revision
reviser,redact
revising,rewriting
revision,alteration
revitalisation,revival
revitalization,revival
revival,resurgence
revival meeting,revival
revivalist,evangelist
revivification,revival
revocation,annulment
revoke,renege
revolt,rebellion
revolution,rotation
revolutionary justice organization,Hizballah
revolutionary organization of socialist muslims,Fatah Revolutionary Council
revolutionary people's liberation front,Revolutionary People's Liberation Party
revolutionary proletarian army,Alex Boncayao Brigade
revolutionary proletarian initiative nuclei,Revolutionary Proletarian Nucleus
revolutionist,revolutionary
revolutions per minute,rpm
revolver,six-gun
revolving credit,open-end credit
revolving door,revolver
revue,review
revulsion,repugnance
rewa-rewa,New Zealand honeysuckle
reward,wages
rewording,recasting
rewrite,revision
rewrite man,redact
rewriter,redact
rewriting,revising
rex,king
rex begonia,king begonia
rex harrison,Harrison
reyes,Neruda
rf,releasing factor
rfd,rural free delivery
rg,roentgenium
rh,rhesus factor
rh-negative blood,Rh-negative blood type
rh factor,rhesus factor
rh negative,Rh-negative blood type
rh positive,Rh-positive blood type
rhabdomancer,water witch
rhabdomancy,dowse
rhabdomyosarcoma,rhabdosarcoma
rhabdosarcoma,rhabdomyosarcoma
rhaeto-romanic,Rhaeto-Romance
rhagoletis pomonella,apple maggot
rhamnus californicus,coffeeberry
rhamnus carolinianus,Carolina buckthorn
rhamnus croceus,redberry
rhamnus frangula,alder buckthorn
rhamnus purshianus,cascara buckthorn
rhaphe,raphe
rhapis excelsa,miniature fan palm
rhapis humilis,reed rhapis
rhd,Red Hand Defenders
rhea americana,rhea
rheims-douay bible,Douay Bible
rheims-douay version,Douay Bible
rhein,Rhine
rheinland,Rhineland
rhenium,Re
rheostat,variable resistor
rhesus,rhesus monkey
rhesus factor,Rh factor
rhesus monkey,rhesus
rhetoric,grandiosity
rhetorician,orator
rheum australe,Himalayan rhubarb
rheum cultorum,pie plant
rheum emodi,Himalayan rhubarb
rheum palmatum,Chinese rhubarb
rheum rhabarbarum,pie plant
rheum rhaponticum,pie plant
rheumatism,rheumatoid arthritis
rheumatism weed,Indian hemp
rheumatoid arthritis,atrophic arthritis
rheumatoid spondylitis,ankylosing spondylitis
rhibhus,Ribhus
rhincodon typus,whale shark
rhine river,Rhine
rhinencephalon,olfactory brain
rhinitis,coryza
rhino,rhinoceros
rhinoceros,rhino
rhinoceros antiquitatis,woolly rhinoceros
rhinoceros family,Rhinocerotidae
rhinoceros unicornis,Indian rhinoceros
rhinolaryngologist,ENT man
rhinolaryngology,otorhinolaryngology
rhinonicteris aurantius,orange bat
rhinophyma,hypertrophic rosacea
rhinoplasty,nose job
rhinoptera bonasus,cownose ray
rhiptoglossa,Chamaeleontidae
rhizoctinia solani,potato fungus
rhizome,rootstock
rhizophora mangle,mangrove
rhizopod,rhizopodan
rhizopodan,rhizopod
rhizopus nigricans,bread mold
rhizopus stolonifer,leak fungus
rhodanthe,Swan River everlasting
rhodanthe manglesii,Swan River everlasting
rhode island bent,velvet bent
rhodesia,Zimbabwe
rhodium,Rh
rhododendron californicum,coast rhododendron
rhododendron maxima,rosebay
rhododendron viscosum,swamp azalea
rhodomontade,braggadocio
rhodopsin,visual purple
rhodosphaera rhodanthema,Australian sumac
rhodymenia palmata,dulse
rhomb,rhombus
rhombencephalon,hindbrain
rhomboid minor muscle,lesser rhomboid muscle
rhomboid muscle,rhomboid
rhomboideus major muscle,greater rhomboid muscle
rhombus,rhomb
rhone river,Rhone
rhubarb,pieplant
rhubarb plant,rhubarb
rhumb,rhumb line
rhumb line,rhumb
rhumba,rumba
rhus aromatica,fragrant sumac
rhus copallina,dwarf sumac
rhus diversiloba,western poison oak
rhus glabra,smooth sumac
rhus laurina,laurel sumac
rhus ovata,sugar-bush
rhus quercifolia,eastern poison oak
rhus radicans,poison ivy
rhus rhodanthema,Australian sumac
rhus toxicodenedron,eastern poison oak
rhus trilobata,squawbush
rhus typhina,staghorn sumac
rhus verniciflua,varnish tree
rhus vernix,poison ash
rhyacotriton olympicus,olympic salamander
rhyme,rime
rhymer,rhymester
rhymester,rhymer
rhynchoelaps australis,Australian coral snake
rhythm,beat
rhythm and blues,R and B
rhythm method,rhythm method of birth control
rhythm method of birth control,rhythm method
rhythm section,percussion section
rhythmic pattern,poetic rhythm
rhytidectomy,face lift
rhytidoplasty,face lift
ri,Rhode Island
rial,Yemeni rial
riata,lasso
rib,costa
rib roast,standing rib roast
ribaldry,gaminess
riband,ribband
ribavirin,Virazole
ribband,riband
ribbed toad,tailed frog
ribbing,tease
ribbon,thread
ribbon fern,spider fern
ribbon grass,reed canary grass
ribbon snake,Thamnophis sauritus
ribbon tree,ribbonwood
ribbon worm,nemertean
ribbonfish,oarfish
ribbonwood,ribbon tree
ribes grossularia,gooseberry
ribes nigrum,black currant
ribes rubrum,red currant
ribes sanguineum,winter currant
ribes sativum,white currant
ribes uva-crispa,gooseberry
ribgrass,English plantain
riboflavin,vitamin B2
ribonuclease,ribonucleinase
ribonucleic acid,RNA
ribonucleinase,ribonuclease
ribwort,English plantain
rice-grain fritillary,mission bells
rice beer,sake
rice grass,ricegrass
rice paddy,paddy
rice rat,Oryzomys palustris
rice weevil,black weevil
ricebird,bobolink
ricegrass,rice grass
rich man,man of means
rich people,rich
rich person,wealthy person
richard adolph zsigmondy,Zsigmondy
richard august carl emil erlenmeyer,Erlenmeyer
richard brinsley sheridan,Sheridan
richard buckminster fuller,Fuller
richard burbage,Burbage
richard burdon haldane,Haldane
richard burton,Burton
richard coeur de lion,Richard I
richard d'oyly carte,D'Oyly Carte
richard d. fosbury,Fosbury
richard e. byrd,Byrd
richard e. smalley,Smalley
richard errett smalley,Smalley
richard erskine leakey,Leakey
richard evelyn byrd,Byrd
richard feynman,Feynman
richard haldane,Haldane
richard henry lee,Lee
richard henry tawney,Tawney
richard hooker,Hooker
richard horatio edgar wallace,Wallace
richard j. roberts,Roberts
richard john roberts,Roberts
richard jordan gatling,Gatling
richard kuhn,Kuhn
richard leakey,Leakey
richard lovelace,Lovelace
richard m. nixon,Nixon
richard milhous nixon,Nixon
richard morris hunt,Hunt
richard neville,Warwick
richard nixon,Nixon
richard phillips feynman,Feynman
richard rodgers,Rodgers
richard smalley,Smalley
richard starkey,Starr
richard strauss,Strauss
richard the lion-hearted,Richard I
richard the lionheart,Richard I
richard trevithick,Trevithick
richard upjohn,Upjohn
richard von krafft-ebing,Krafft-Ebing
richard wagner,Wagner
richard wright,Wright
richardson ground squirrel,flickertail
richardson vole,water vole
richea dracophylla,Australian grass tree
richea pandanifolia,tree heath
riches,wealth
richmondena cardinalis,cardinal
richness,profusion
richweed,horse balm
ricin,ricin toxin
ricin toxin,ricin
ricinus communis,castor-oil plant
rick,crick
ricketiness,unsteadiness
rickets,rachitis
rickettsial disease,rickettsiosis
rickettsiosis,rickettsial disease
rickrack,ricrac
ricksha,jinrikisha
rickshaw,jinrikisha
rico,anti-racketeering law
rico act,anti-racketeering law
ricochet,carom
ricrac,rickrack
riddance,elimination
riddle,conundrum
riddle canon,enigma canon
ride,drive
rider,passenger
rider haggard,Haggard
ridge,ridgeline
ridgel,ridgeling
ridgeline,ridge
ridgeling,ridgling
ridgepole,ridge
ridgil,ridgeling
ridgling,ridgeling
ridicule,derision
ridiculer,satirist
ridiculousness,absurdity
riding,horseback riding
riding breeches,jodhpurs
riding crop,hunting crop
riding habit,habit
riding horse,saddle horse
riding lamp,anchor light
riding light,anchor light
riemannian geometry,elliptic geometry
rifadin,rifampin
rifampin,Rifadin
riffian,Riff
riffle,ripple
riffraff,rabble
rifle range,rifle shot
rifle shot,rifle range
riflebird,Ptloris paradisea
rifleman bird,Acanthisitta chloris
rifling,grooving
rift,rupture
rig,trailer truck
rigamarole,rigmarole
rigger,rigger brush
rigger brush,rigger
rigging,tackle
riggs' disease,pyorrhea
right-angled triangle,right triangle
right-hand man,chief assistant
right-handed pitcher,right-hander
right-handedness,dextrality
right-hander,right-handed pitcher
right-winger,rightist
right ascension,RA
right atrioventricular valve,tricuspid valve
right atrium,right atrium of the heart
right atrium of the heart,right atrium
right brain,right hemisphere
right field,rightfield
right gastric artery,ateria gastrica dextra
right gastric vein,pyloric vein
right hand,right
right hander,right-hander
right hemisphere,right brain
right of first publication,copyright
right stage,stage right
right to vote,vote
right triangle,right-angled triangle
right wing,right
righteye flounder,righteyed flounder
righteyed flounder,righteye flounder
rightfield,right field
rightfulness,right
righthander,right-hander
rightness,appropriateness
rights issue,rights offering
rights offering,rights issue
rigidification,stiffening
rigidifying,stiffening
rigidity,rigidness
rigidness,rigidity
rigil,Alpha Centauri
rigil kent,Alpha Centauri
rigmarole,rigamarole
rigor,asperity
rigorousness,asperity
rigour,cogency
rigourousness,asperity
rijstafel,rijsttaffel
rijstaffel,rijsttaffel
rijsttaffel,rijstaffel
riksmaal,Riksmal
riley b king,King
rilievo,relief
rill,rivulet
rim,flange
rima glottidis,rima vocalis
rima oris,mouth
rima pudendi,pudendal cleft
rima respiratoria,rima vestibuli
rima vestibuli,rima respiratoria
rima vocalis,rima glottidis
rima vulvae,pudendal cleft
rimactane,rifampin
rime,frost
rimski-korsakov,Rimsky-Korsakov
rimu,imou pine
rinderpest,cattle plague
ring,halo
ring-a-rosy,ring-around-the-rosy
ring-around-a-rosy,ring-around-the-rosy
ring-around-the-rosy,ring-around-a-rosy
ring-binder,binder
ring-necked parakeet,Psittacula krameri
ring-necked pheasant,Phasianus colchicus
ring-necked snake,ringneck snake
ring-stalked fungus,Stropharia
ring-tailed cat,bassarisk
ring-tailed lemur,Madagascar cat
ring armor,chain mail
ring armour,chain mail
ring blackbird,ring ouzel
ring dance,round dance
ring disease,ring rot
ring finger,annualry
ring lardner,Lardner
ring mail,chain mail
ring of color,areola
ring ouzel,ring blackbird
ring road,beltway
ring rot,ring disease
ring rot bacteria,Pseudomonas solanacearum
ring rot fungus,leak fungus
ring snake,grass snake
ring thrush,ring ouzel
ringdove,Streptopelia risoria
ringed snake,grass snake
ringer,toller
ringer solution,Ringer's solution
ringgold wilmer lardner,Lardner
ringhals,rinkhals
ringing,ring
ringlet,coil
ringlet butterfly,ringlet
ringneck snake,ring-necked snake
ringo starr,Starr
rings,ring
ringside,ringside seat
ringside seat,ringside
ringtail,bassarisk
ringway,beltway
ringworm,tinea
ringworm bush,ringworm shrub
ringworm cassia,ringworm bush
ringworm shrub,ringworm bush
rink,skating rink
rinkhals,ringhals
rinse,rinsing
rinsing,rinse
rio,Rio de Janeiro
rio bravo,Rio Grande
rio nunez coffee,robusta coffee
riot,public violence
riot control,riot control operation
riot control operation,riot control
rioting,riot
rip,rake
rip-off,heist
rip current,riptide
riparia riparia,bank martin
riparian right,water right
ripe olive,black olive
ripening,maturation
riposte,rejoinder
ripple,rippling
ripple-grass,English plantain
rippling,ripple
ripsaw,splitsaw
riptide,rip
rira,Real IRA
risc,reduced instruction set computing
rise,ascent
rise to power,accession
riser,riser pipe
riser main,riser
riser pipe,riser
riser pipeline,riser
rising prices,inflation
rising slope,upgrade
rising tide,flood tide
risk,hazard
risk arbitrage,takeover arbitrage
risk capital,venture capital
risk of exposure,risk
risk of infection,risk
risk taker,gambler
riskiness,peril
risky venture,adventure
risotto,Italian rice
ritalin,methylphenidate
rite,religious rite
ritonavir,Norvir
ritual dance,ritual dancing
ritual dancing,ritual dance
ritual killing,sacrifice
rival,challenger
rivalry,competition
river acheron,Acheron
river adige,Adige
river aire,Aire
river arno,Arno
river avon,Avon
river basin,basin
river birch,black birch
river blindness,onchocerciasis
river bottom,riverbed
river cam,Cam
river cocytus,Cocytus
river cooter,cooter
river gum,river red gum
river horse,hippopotamus
river kasai,Kasai
river lethe,Lethe
river limpet,freshwater limpet
river otter,Lutra canadensis
river pear,anchovy pear
river prawn,long-clawed prawn
river red gum,river gum
river severn,Severn
river shad,Alosa chrysocloris
river styx,Styx
river thames,Thames
river trent,Trent
river tyne,Tyne
riverbank,riverside
riverbed,river bottom
riverside,riverbank
rivet,stud
riveter,rivetter
riveting machine,riveter
rivetter,riveter
rivina humilis,bloodberry
rivulet,rill
riyal,Saudi Arabian riyal
riyal-omani,Omani rial
rn,radon
rna,ribonucleic acid
rna polymerase,transcriptase
rnase,ribonuclease
roach,R-2
roach clip,roach holder
roach holder,roach clip
road,route
road agent,highjacker
road game,away game
road hog,roadhog
road map,guideline
road mender,roadman
road roller,steamroller
road runner,marathoner
roadblock,barrier
roadhog,road hog
roadman,traveling salesman
roadrunner,chaparral cock
roads,roadstead
roadside,wayside
roadstead,roads
roadster,runabout
roald amundsen,Amundsen
roald hoffmann,Hoffmann
roamer,wanderer
roar,boom
roarer,bawler
roast beef,beef roast
roast beef plant,stinking iris
roast lamb,lamb roast
roast pork,pork roast
roast veal,veal roast
rob roy,MacGregor
robaxin,methocarbamol
robber fly,bee killer
robber frog,barking frog
robbery,looting
robe,gown
robe-de-chambre,dressing gown
robert a. heinlein,Heinlein
robert abram bartlett,Bartlett
robert adam,Adam
robert alexander schumann,Schumann
robert andrews millikan,Millikan
robert anson heinlein,Heinlein
robert barany,Barany
robert bartlett,Bartlett
robert benchley,Benchley
robert boyle,Boyle
robert brown,Brown
robert browning,Browning
robert bruce mathias,Mathias
robert bunsen,Bunsen
robert burns,Burns
robert burns woodward,Woodward
robert charles benchley,Benchley
robert charles venturi,Venturi
robert clive,Clive
robert curl,Curl
robert de niro,De Niro
robert e. lee,Lee
robert e. peary,Peary
robert e lee day,Robert E Lee's Birthday
robert edward lee,Lee
robert edwin peary,Peary
robert emmet sherwood,Sherwood
robert f. curl,Curl
robert falcon scott,Scott
robert floyd curl jr.,Curl
robert frost,Frost
robert fulton,Fulton
robert graves,Graves
robert gray,Gray
robert herrick,Herrick
robert hooke,Hooke
robert hutchings goddard,Goddard
robert i,Bruce
robert indiana,Indiana
robert james fischer,Fischer
robert jemison van de graaff,Van de Graaff
robert joffrey,Joffrey
robert king merton,Merton
robert koch,Koch
robert lee frost,Frost
robert louis balfour stevenson,Stevenson
robert louis stevenson,Stevenson
robert lowell,Lowell
robert m. yerkes,Yerkes
robert macgregor,MacGregor
robert maynard hutchins,Hutchins
robert mearns yerkes,Yerkes
robert merton,Merton
robert mills,Mills
robert mitchum,Mitchum
robert morris,Morris
robert motherwell,Motherwell
robert nesta marley,Marley
robert oppenheimer,Oppenheimer
robert orr,Orr
robert owen,Owen
robert peary,Peary
robert peel,Peel
robert penn warren,Warren
robert r. livingston,Livingston
robert ranke graves,Graves
robert redford,Redford
robert robinson,Robinson
robert schumann,Schumann
robert scott,Scott
robert southey,Southey
robert the bruce,Bruce
robert traill spence lowell jr.,Lowell
robert treat paine,Paine
robert tyre jones,Jones
robert van de graaff,Van de Graaff
robert venturi,Venturi
robert walpole,Walpole
robert wilhelm bunsen,Bunsen
robert william service,Service
robert woodrow wilson,Wilson
robert woodward,Woodward
roberto francesco romolo bellarmine,Bellarmine
robin,redbreast
robin's plantain,Erigeron pulchellus
robin goodfellow,Puck
robin redbreast,robin
robinia hispida,bristly locust
robinia pseudoacacia,black locust
robinia viscosa,clammy locust
robinson jeffers,Jeffers
roble,Platymiscium trinitatis
roble beech,Nothofagus obliqua
robot,automaton
robot bomb,buzz bomb
robot pilot,autopilot
robusta coffee,Rio Nunez coffee
robustness,hardiness
rocambole,sand leek
roccella,Roccella tinctoria
roccella tinctoria,roccella
rocco marciano,Marciano
roccus saxatilis,striped bass
rocephin,ceftriaxone
rochelle powder,Seidlitz powder
rochelle salts,Rochelle salt
rock,stone
rock'n'roll,rock 'n' roll
rock-and-roll,rock 'n' roll
rock 'n' roll,rock'n'roll
rock 'n' roll musician,rocker
rock and roll,rock 'n' roll
rock band,rock group
rock barnacle,acorn barnacle
rock bass,rock sea bass
rock beauty,Holocanthus tricolor
rock bit,roller bit
rock brake,cliff brake
rock candy,rock
rock climber,cragsman
rock crab,Cancer irroratus
rock cress,rockcress
rock crystal,transparent quartz
rock dove,rock pigeon
rock drill,bore bit
rock elm,Ulmus thomasii
rock fever,brucellosis
rock garden,rockery
rock geranium,Heuchera americana
rock group,rock band
rock gunnel,butterfish
rock harlequin,Roman wormwood
rock hind,Epinephelus adscensionis
rock hopper,crested penguin
rock hyrax,rock rabbit
rock kangaroo,rock wallaby
rock lobster,spiny lobster
rock maple,sugar maple
rock music,rock 'n' roll
rock of gibraltar,Gibraltar
rock oil,petroleum
rock outcrop,outcrop
rock partridge,Greek partridge
rock penstemon,cliff penstemon
rock pigeon,rock dove
rock pink,Talinum calycinum
rock polypody,rock brake
rock python,rock snake
rock rabbit,rock hyrax
rock rattlesnake,Crotalus lepidus
rock rose,rockrose
rock salt,halite
rock sandwort,Arenaria stricta
rock sea bass,rock bass
rock snake,rock python
rock spikemoss,dwarf lycopod
rock squirrel,Citellus variegatus
rock sunfish,rock bass
rock wallaby,rock kangaroo
rock wool,mineral wool
rock wren,Xenicus gilviventris
rockchuck,yellowbelly marmot
rockcress,yellow rocket
rocker,rock 'n' roll musician
rocker arm,valve rocker
rockers,bikers
rockery,rock garden
rocket,projectile
rocket cress,yellow rocket
rocket engine,rocket
rocket engineer,rocket scientist
rocket firing,rocket launching
rocket fuel,rocket propellant
rocket larkspur,Consolida ambigua
rocket launcher,launcher
rocket launching,rocket firing
rocket propellant,rocket fuel
rocket propellent,rocket fuel
rocket salad,rocket
rocket scientist,rocket engineer
rockfish,striped bass
rockfoil,saxifrage
rocking chair,rocker
rocking horse,hobby
rockingham podocarp,brown pine
rockrose,rock rose
rockrose family,Cistaceae
rockwell kent,Kent
rocky-mountain maple,dwarf maple
rocky marciano,Marciano
rocky mountain bighorn,bighorn
rocky mountain bristlecone pine,bristlecone pine
rocky mountain goat,mountain goat
rocky mountain sheep,bighorn
rocky mountains,Rockies
rocky mountains cherry,Western sand cherry
rod,perch
rod cell,rod
rod laver,Laver
rodent,gnawer
rodeo rider,cowboy
rodhos,Rhodes
rodney george laver,Laver
rodolia cardinalis,vedalia
rodomontade,braggadocio
rodrigo borgia,Alexander VI
rodya raskolnikov,Raskolnikov
roe,hard roe
roe deer,Capreolus capreolus
roentgen,R
roentgen ray,X ray
roentgenium,Rg
roentgenogram,X ray
roentgenography,X-ray photography
roentgenoscope,fluoroscope
rofecoxib,Vioxx
rogaine,minoxidil
roger bacon,Bacon
roger bannister,Bannister
roger brooke taney,Taney
roger de mortimer,Mortimer
roger eliot fry,Fry
roger fry,Fry
roger huntington sessions,Sessions
roger sessions,Sessions
roger sherman,Sherman
roger taney,Taney
roger williams,Williams
rogue,knave
rogue's gallery,galere
rogue nation,rogue state
rogue state,renegade state
roguery,mischief
roguishness,prankishness
rohypnol,flunitrazepan
roi,return on invested capital
roland de lassus,Lasso
rolando's area,motor area
rolando's fissure,fissure of Rolando
role,function
role model,model
role player,imposter
rolf,Rollo
roll,axial rotation
roll in the hay,fuck
roll of tobacco,smoke
rollback,push back
rolled oats,oatmeal
roller,roll
roller bearing,ball bearing
roller bit,rock bit
roller coaster,big dipper
rolling paper,cigarette paper
rolling wave,roller
roly-poly pudding,roly-poly
rolypoliness,chubbiness
rom,read-only memory
roma,Gypsy
romaine,cos
romaine lettuce,cos lettuce
roman basilica,basilica
roman catholic church,Roman Catholic
roman catholic pope,pope
roman catholicism,Romanism
roman church,Roman Catholic
roman collar,clerical collar
roman coriander,black caraway
roman jakobson,Jakobson
roman letters,roman
roman mile,mile
roman osipovich jakobson,Jakobson
roman print,roman
roman type,roman
romance language,Romance
romanesque architecture,Romanesque
romanoff,Romanov
romans,Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Romans
romantic movement,Romanticism
romantic realism,Hudson River school
romanticisation,sentimentalization
romanticization,sentimentalization
rommany,Gypsy
romneya coulteri,matilija poppy
romp,runaway
romper,romper suit
romper suit,romper
ronald george wreyford norrish,Norrish
ronald reagan,Reagan
ronald wilson reagan,Reagan
rondeau,rondo
rondel,rondeau
rondo,rondeau
roneo,mimeograph
roneograph,mimeograph
rontgen,Roentgen
rood,crucifix
rood-tree,crucifix
roof,ceiling
roof mushroom,Pluteus
roof of the mouth,palate
roof rack,luggage rack
roof rat,black rat
roofing paper,tar paper
roofing tile,tile
rooftree,ridge
roofy,R-2
rooibos,Aspalathus linearis
rook,castle
rookie,cub
room,way
room access,doorway
room decorator,interior designer
roomer,lodger
roomie,roommate
roominess,capaciousness
rooming house,lodging house
roommate,roomie
rooms,suite
rooster,cock
root,beginning
root celery,celeriac
root cellar,cellar
root system,rootage
root word,root
rootage,root system
rooter,sports fan
rooter skunk,hog-nosed skunk
roots,root
rootstalk,rhizome
rootstock,rhizome
rope,R-2
rope-maker,ropemaker
rope yard,ropewalk
ropebark,leatherwood
ropedancer,ropewalker
ropemaker,rope-maker
roper,ropemaker
ropewalk,rope yard
ropewalker,ropedancer
ropeway,tramway
rophy,R-2
ropiness,cohesiveness
roquefort dressing,blue cheese dressing
roquette,rocket
rorippa amphibia,great yellowcress
rorippa islandica,marsh cress
rorippa nasturtium-aquaticum,common watercress
rorqual,razorback
rorschach test,Rorschach
rosa banksia,banksia rose
rosa canina,dog rose
rosa chinensis,China rose
rosa damascena,damask rose
rosa eglanteria,sweetbrier
rosa laevigata,Cherokee rose
rosa melba ponselle,Ponselle
rosa moschata,musk rose
rosa multiflora,multiflora
rosa odorata,tea rose
rosa parks,Parks
rosa pendulina,mountain rose
rosa ponselle,Ponselle
rosa spithamaea,ground rose
rosacea,acne rosacea
rosary,prayer beads
rose-apple tree,rose apple
rose-colored pastor,rose-colored starling
rose-colored starling,rose-colored pastor
rose-root,midsummer-men
rose acacia,bristly locust
rose apple,rose-apple tree
rose bay,oleander
rose bed,bed of roses
rose beetle,rose chafer
rose bug,rose chafer
rose campion,mullein pink
rose chafer,rose beetle
rose chestnut,ironwood
rose family,Rosaceae
rose geranium,sweet-scented geranium
rose globe lily,Calochortus amoenus
rose gum,Eucalypt grandis
rose hip,hip
rose leek,Canada garlic
rose louise hovick,Lee
rose mallow,swamp mallow
rose moss,sun plant
rose of china,China rose
rose of jericho,resurrection plant
rose oil,attar of roses
rose periwinkle,periwinkle
rose pink,marsh pink
rose window,rosette
rose wine,blush wine
roseate spoonbill,Ajaia ajaja
rosebay,Rhododendron maxima
rosebay willowherb,fireweed
rosebud cherry,winter flowering cherry
rosebud orchid,Cleistes rosea
rosebush,rose
rosefish,redfish
rosehip,hip
roselle,rozelle
rosemary,Rosmarinus officinalis
roseola,rash
roseola infantilis,exanthema subitum
roseola infantum,exanthema subitum
rosette,little potato
rosewood,rosewood tree
rosewood tree,rosewood
rosh chodesh,Rosh Hodesh
rosh hashana,Rosh Hashanah
rosh hashona,Rosh Hashanah
rosh hashonah,Rosh Hashanah
rosilla,Helenium puberulum
rosin,resin
rosiness,bloom
rosinweed,Silphium laciniatum
rosita,Centaurium calycosum
rosmarinus officinalis,rosemary
roster,roll
rostov na donu,Rostov
rostov on don,Rostov
rostrum,dais
rosy boa,Lichanura trivirgata
rot,putrefaction
rotary actuator,positioner
rotary converter,synchronous converter
rotary engine,radial engine
rotary international,Rotary Club
rotary joint,pivot joint
rotary motion,rotation
rotary wing,rotor blade
rotating shaft,shaft
rotation,rotary motion
rotational latency,latency
rotatory joint,pivot joint
rotc,Reserve Officers Training Corps
rote,rote learning
rote learning,rote
rotogravure,photogravure
rotor,rotor coil
rotor blade,rotary wing
rotor coil,rotor
rotor head,rotor shaft
rotor shaft,rotor head
rottenness,putrescence
rottenstone,tripoli
rotter,dirty dog
rotting,decomposition
rotundity,sphericity
rotundness,sphericity
rouble,ruble
roue,rake
rouge,paint
rouge et noir,trente-et-quarante
rouge plant,bloodberry
rougeberry,bloodberry
rough-legged hawk,roughleg
rough-skinned newt,Taricha granulosa
rough bindweed,Smilax aspera
rough bristlegrass,green bristlegrass
rough drawing,draft
rough green snake,Opheodrys aestivus
rough horsetail,scouring rush
rough pea,singletary pea
rough sledding,hard time
rough water,choppiness
roughage,fiber
roughleg,rough-legged hawk
roughneck,bully
roughness,raggedness
roughtail stingray,Dasyatis centroura
roulette,line roulette
roulette wheel,wheel
roumania,Romania
round-headed leek,Allium sphaerocephalum
round-leaved rein orchid,Habenaria orbiculata
round-spored gyromitra,Gyromitra sphaerospora
round-table conference,round table
round-tailed muskrat,Florida water rat
round-trip light time,RTLT
round-trip ticket,return ticket
round angle,perigon
round clam,quahaug
round dance,ring dance
round dancing,round dance
round kumquat,marumi
round ligament of the uterus,ligamentum teres uteri
round of drinks,round
round of golf,round
round scad,cigarfish
round shot,cannonball
round table,roundtable
round top,circus tent
round whitefish,Menominee whitefish
round window,fenestra rotunda
roundabout way,detour
roundedness,bulginess
roundel,annulet
rounder,libertine
rounders,libertine
rounding,rounding error
rounding error,rounding
roundness,rotundity
roundtable,round table
roundworm,tinea
rouser,waker
roustabout,deckhand
rout,mob
route,path
rover,wanderer
row,quarrel
row house,town house
rowan,rowan tree
rowan tree,rowan
rowboat,dinghy
rowdiness,rowdyism
rowdyism,rowdiness
rower,oarsman
rowing,row
rowlock,peg
roy chapman andrews,Andrews
roy lichtenstein,Lichtenstein
roy orbison,Orbison
roy wilkins,Wilkins
royal academy of arts,Royal Academy
royal agaric,Caesar's agaric
royal blue,purplish blue
royal court,court
royal family,royalty
royal fern,royal osmund
royal house,royalty
royal line,royalty
royal osmund,royal fern
royal palm,Roystonea regia
royal poinciana,flamboyant
royal purple,reddish purple
royal society of london for improving natural knowledge,Royal Society
royal stag,royal
royal tennis,real tennis
royal velvet plant,velvet plant
royalist,monarchist
royalty,royal family
roystonea oleracea,cabbage palm
roystonea regia,royal palm
rozelle,roselle
rpa-abb,Alex Boncayao Brigade
rpm,revolutions per minute
rtlt,round-trip light time
ru,ruthenium
ru 486,abortion pill
ruanda,Rwanda
rub,hang-up
rub-a-dub,rataplan
rubber-base paint,latex paint
rubber-necking,sightseeing
rubber band,elastic band
rubber boa,tow-headed snake
rubber boot,gum boot
rubber eraser,rubber
rubber plant,India-rubber tree
rubber stamp,handstamp
rubber tire,car tire
rubber tree,Hevea
rubberneck,sightseer
rubbernecker,rubberneck
rubbing,friction
rubbish,trash
rubbish dump,dump
rubbish heap,garbage heap
rubble,debris
rube,yokel
rube goldberg,Goldberg
rubella,German measles
rubeola,measles
rubia cordifolia,Indian madder
rubia tinctorum,madder
rubiaceous plant,madderwort
rubidium,Rb
ruble,rouble
rubor,inflammation
rubric,gloss
rubus australis,lawyerbush
rubus caesius,European dewberry
rubus canadensis,American dewberry
rubus chamaemorus,cloudberry
rubus cissoides,lawyerbush
rubus cuneifolius,sand blackberry
rubus flagellaris,Northern dewberry
rubus fruticosus,true blackberry
rubus hispidus,swamp dewberry
rubus idaeus,wild raspberry
rubus idaeus strigosus,American raspberry
rubus loganobaccus,loganberry
rubus occidentalis,black raspberry
rubus odoratus,flowering raspberry
rubus parviflorus,salmonberry
rubus phoenicolasius,wineberry
rubus saxatilis,stone bramble
rubus spectabilis,salmonberry
rubus strigosus,American raspberry
rubus trivialis,Southern dewberry
rubus ursinus,western blackberry
rubus ursinus loganobaccus,loganberry
ruby-crowned kinglet,ruby-crowned wren
ruby-crowned wren,ruby-crowned kinglet
ruby spinel,spinel ruby
ruby wood,red sandalwood
ruck,herd
rucksack,backpack
ruckus,commotion
ruction,commotion
rudapithecus,Dryopithecus Rudapithecus hungaricus
rudbeckia hirta,black-eyed Susan
rudbeckia laciniata,cutleaved coneflower
rudbeckia laciniata hortensia,golden glow
rudbeckia serotina,black-eyed Susan
rudd,Scardinius erythrophthalmus
rudderfish,Bermuda chub
rudderpost,rudderstock
rudderstock,rudderpost
ruddiness,rosiness
ruddle,reddle
ruddles,common marigold
ruddy duck,Oxyura jamaicensis
ruddy turnstone,Arenaria interpres
rudeness,discourtesy
rudiment,first rudiment
rudiments,basics
rudolf bultmann,Bultmann
rudolf christian karl diesel,Diesel
rudolf diesel,Diesel
rudolf hess,Hess
rudolf karl bultmann,Bultmann
rudolf karl virchow,Virchow
rudolf ludwig mossbauer,Mossbauer
rudolf nureyev,Nureyev
rudolf serkin,Serkin
rudolf steiner,Steiner
rudolf virchow,Virchow
rudolf wurlitzer,Wurlitzer
rudolph laban,Laban
rudyard kipling,Kipling
rue,herb of grace
rue anemone,Anemonella thalictroides
rue family,Rutaceae
ruefulness,sorrow
ruf,Revolutionary United Front
ruff,frill
ruffed grouse,partridge
ruffian,bully
ruffle,frill
rug,carpet
rug beater,carpet beater
rug pad,carpet pad
rugby,rugby football
rugby football,rugby
rugel's plantain,broad-leaved plantain
rugelach,rugulah
ruggedisation,ruggedization
ruggedization,ruggedisation
ruggedness,huskiness
ruggelach,rugulah
rugger,rugby
rugulah,rugelach
ruholla khomeini,Khomeini
ruhr river,Ruhr
ruhr valley,Ruhr
ruin,ruination
ruination,ruin
ruiner,destroyer
ruining,laying waste
rule,regulation
rule book,book
rule of cy pres,cy pres
rule of grammar,grammatical rule
rule of morphology,morphological rule
rule of thumb,guidepost
ruler,swayer
rules of order,order
ruling class,people in power
rum-blossom,rhinophyma
rum baba,baba au rhum
rum cherry,black cherry
rum cocktail,daiquiri
rum nose,rhinophyma
rumania,Romania
rumba,rhumba
rumble,rumbling
rumen,first stomach
rumex acetosa,sour dock
rumex acetosella,sheep sorrel
rumex obtusifolius,bitter dock
rumex scutatus,French sorrel
rumination,contemplation
ruminator,muser
rummage,ransacking
rummage sale,jumble sale
rumohra adiantiformis,leather fern
rumor,rumour
rumormonger,gossip
rumour,rumor
rumourmonger,gossip
rump,hindquarters
rumpus,commotion
rumpus room,playroom
run,tally
run-in,quarrel
run-time error,semantic error
run-up,runup
run batted in,rbi
runabout,roadster
runaway robin,ground ivy
runch,jointed charlock
rundle,spoke
rundown,summation
rune,runic letter
rung,round
runic letter,rune
runnel,rivulet
runner,smuggler
runner-up,second best
runner-up finish,second-place finish
runner bean,scarlet runner
runniness,fluidity
running blackberry,dewberry
running game,run
running hand,longhand
running head,running headline
running headline,running head
running light,sidelight
running noose,noose
running pine,Lycopodium clavitum
running play,run
running pop,love-in-a-mist
running postman,scarlet runner
running start,flying start
runoff,overflow
runt,shrimp
runtime error,semantic error
runtiness,puniness
runup,run-up
runway,track
rupee,Sri Lanka rupee
rupert brooke,Brooke
rupert murdoch,Murdoch
rupestral plant,rupestrine plant
rupestrine plant,rupestral plant
rupicapra rupicapra,chamois
rupicola peruviana,cock of the rock
rupicola rupicola,cock of the rock
rupicolous plant,rupestral plant
ruptiliocarpon caracolito,caracolito
rupture,breach
ruptured intervertebral disc,herniated disc
rupturewort,Hernaria glabra
rural area,country
rural free delivery,RFD
ruralism,rusticism
ruralist,countryman
rurality,ruralism
ruscus aculeatus,butcher's broom
ruse,artifice
rush-grass,rush grass
rush candle,rushlight
rush family,Juncaceae
rush grass,rush-grass
rush nut,chufa
rush rose,Helianthemum scoparium
rushing,rush
rushlight,rush candle
rusk,zwieback
russel crouse,Crouse
russet scab,little potato
russia,Soviet Union
russian cactus,Russian thistle
russian capital,Moscow
russian federation,Russia
russian mayonnaise,Russian dressing
russian soviet federated socialist republic,Soviet Russia
russian tumbleweed,Russian thistle
russian vine,silver lace vine
russian wolfhound,borzoi
rust fungus,rust
rusticism,ruralism
rusticity,gaucherie
rusting,rust
rustle,rustling
rustler,cattle thief
rusty blackbird,rusty grackle
rusty grackle,rusty blackbird
rusty rig,Port Jackson fig
rusty woodsia,fragrant woodsia
rut,groove
ruta graveolens,rue
rutabaga,swede
rutabaga plant,rutabaga
ruth benedict,Benedict
ruth fulton,Benedict
ruth saint denis,St. Denis
ruth st. denis,St. Denis
ruthenium,Ru
rutherford b. hayes,Hayes
rutherford birchard hayes,Hayes
rutherfordium,Rf
ruthfulness,mournfulness
ruthlessness,pitilessness
rutilus rutilus,roach
ruvettus pretiosus,oilfish
rv,recreational vehicle
rwandese republic,Rwanda
rya,rya rug
rya rug,rya
rydberg,rydberg constant
rydberg constant,rydberg
rydberg unit,rydberg
rye,Secale cereale
rye grass,ryegrass
rye whiskey,rye
rye whisky,rye
ryegrass,rye grass
s,second
s. s. van dine,Wright
s. smith stevens,Stevens
s.t.p.,STP
s.u.v.,sport utility
s/n,signal-to-noise ratio
sa node,pacemaker
saale river,Saale
saame,Lapp
saami,Lapp
sabal palmetto,cabbage palmetto
sabaton,solleret
sabayon,zabaglione
sabbat,witches' Sabbath
sabbath school,Sunday school
sabbatia angularis,marsh pink
sabbatia campestris,prairia Sabbatia
sabbatia stellaris,marsh pink
sabbatical leave,sabbatical
sabbatum,Saturday
saber,sabre
saber-toothed tiger,sabertooth
saber rattling,sabre rattling
saber saw,jigsaw
sabertooth,saber-toothed tiger
sabicu,sabicu wood
sabicu wood,sabicu
sabine pine,Torrey pine
sabine river,Sabine
sabinea carinalis,carib wood
sable's hair pencil,sable
sable antelope,Hippotragus niger
sable brush,sable
sabot,wooden shoe
saboteur,wrecker
sabre,saber
sabre rattling,saber rattling
sac,pouch
sacajawea,Sacagawea
saccade,jerk
saccharase,invertase
saccharide,carbohydrate
saccharomyces cerevisiae,baker's yeast
saccharomyces ellipsoides,wine-maker's yeast
saccharose,sucrose
saccharum bengalense,munj
saccharum munja,munj
saccharum officinarum,sugarcane
saccule,sacculus
sacculus,saccule
saceur,Supreme Allied Commander Europe
sachem,sagamore
sachs disease,Tay-Sachs disease
sachsen,Saxony
sack,poke
sackful,sack
sacking,bagging
saclant,Supreme Allied Commander Atlantic
sacque,sack
sacral plexus,plexus sacralis
sacral vein,vena sacralis
sacrament of the eucharist,Holy Eucharist
sacramental manduction,Communion
sacramental oil,chrism
sacramental wine,altar wine
sacramento sturgeon,Pacific sturgeon
sacred fig,pipal
sacred ibis,Threskiornis aethiopica
sacred lotus,lotus
sacred mushroom,mescal button
sacred scripture,scripture
sacred text,sacred writing
sacred trinity,Trinity
sacred writing,sacred text
sacrifice,forfeit
sacrifice operation,suicide mission
sacrilege,profanation
sacristan,sexton
sacristy,vestry
sad sack,bungler
saddam,Hussein
saddam's martyrs,Fedayeen Saddam
saddam bin hussein at-takriti,Hussein
saddam hussein,Hussein
saddhu,sadhu
saddle,saddleback
saddle blanket,saddlecloth
saddle block anaesthesia,saddle block anesthesia
saddle block anesthesia,saddle block anaesthesia
saddle feather,saddle hackle
saddle hackle,saddle feather
saddle horn,horn
saddle horse,riding horse
saddle oxford,saddle shoe
saddle oyster,Anomia ephippium
saddle roof,gable roof
saddle shoe,saddle oxford
saddle soap,leather soap
saddle sore,gall
saddleback,saddle
saddleback roof,gable roof
saddlebill,jabiru
saddlebow,pommel
saddlecloth,saddle blanket
saddled-shaped false morel,Gyromitra infula
saddlery,stable gear
sadhu,saddhu
sadi carnot,Carnot
sadness,unhappiness
safaqis,Sfax
safari,campaign
safe-conduct,safeguard
safe-deposit,safe-deposit box
safe-deposit box,safe-deposit
safebreaker,safecracker
safecracker,safebreaker
safeguard,precaution
safekeeping,guardianship
safety,refuge
safety-deposit,safe-deposit
safety belt,life belt
safety bicycle,safety bike
safety bike,safety bicycle
safety blitz,linebacker blitzing
safety bolt,safety lock
safety catch,safety lock
safety deposit box,safe-deposit
safety device,guard
safety factor,factor of safety
safety fuse,fuse
safety glass,laminated glass
safety harness,safety belt
safety hat,hard hat
safety island,traffic island
safety isle,traffic island
safety lamp,Davy lamp
safety lock,safety catch
safety margin,margin of safety
safety match,book matches
safety nut,locknut
safety rail,guardrail
safety squeeze,safety squeeze play
safety squeeze play,safety squeeze
safety valve,relief valve
safety zone,traffic island
safflower,false saffron
saffranine,safranine
saffron,saffron crocus
saffron crocus,saffron
safranin,safranine
safranine,safranin
sag,droop
sagaciousness,sagacity
sagacity,sagaciousness
sagamore,sachem
sage brush,sagebrush
sage grouse,sage hen
sage hen,sage grouse
sage willow,dwarf grey willow
sagebrush,sage brush
sagebrush buttercup,Ranunculus glaberrimus
sagebrush lizard,Sceloporus graciosus
sagebrush mariposa tulip,Calochortus macrocarpus
sagebrush state,Nevada
sagittal suture,interparietal suture
sagittarius serpentarius,secretary bird
sagittarius the archer,Sagittarius
sagittate-leaf,sagittiform leaf
sagittiform leaf,sagittate-leaf
sago fern,silver tree fern
sago palm,Cycas revoluta
saguaro,sahuaro
sahaptin,Shahaptian
sahaptino,Shahaptian
sahara desert,Sahara
sahuaro,saguaro
saida,Sayda
saiga,Saiga tatarica
saiga tatarica,saiga
saigon,Ho Chi Minh City
sail,canvas
sailboat,sailing boat
sailing,seafaring
sailing-race,yacht race
sailing boat,sailboat
sailing master,navigator
sailing ship,sailing vessel
sailing vessel,sailing ship
sailor,crewman
sailor's-choice,pinfish
sailor's breastplate,prolonge knot
sailor boy,bluejacket
sailor king,William IV
sailors choice,sailor's-choice
sailplane,glider
sailplaning,glide
saimiri sciureus,squirrel monkey
sainfoin,sanfoin
saint,holy man
saint-john's-bread,carob
saint ambrose,Ambrose
saint andrew,Andrew
saint andrew the apostle,Andrew
saint anselm,Anselm
saint athanasius,Athanasius
saint augustine,Augustine
saint baeda,Bede
saint beda,Bede
saint bede,Bede
saint benedict,Benedict
saint boniface,Boniface
saint bride,Bridget
saint bridget,Bridget
saint brigid,Bridget
saint bruno,Bruno
saint christopher,Christopher
saint christopher-nevis,Saint Kitts and Nevis
saint crispin,Crispin
saint cyril,Cyril
saint david,David
saint denis,St. Denis
saint dominic,Dominic
saint edward the confessor,Edward the Confessor
saint edward the martyr,Edward the Martyr
saint elizabeth ann bayley seton,Seton
saint elmo's fire,corona discharge
saint elmo's light,corona discharge
saint francis,Francis of Assisi
saint francis of assisi,Francis of Assisi
saint francis river,Saint Francis
saint francis xavier,Xavier
saint george,George
saint gregory i,Gregory
saint ignatius,Ignatius
saint ignatius' itch,pellagra
saint ignatius of loyola,Ignatius of Loyola
saint irenaeus,Irenaeus
saint james,James
saint james the apostle,James
saint jerome,Jerome
saint joan,Jeanne d'Arc
saint john,John
saint john river,Saint John
saint john the apostle,John
saint johns river,Saint Johns
saint jude,Jude
saint kitts,Saint Christopher
saint lawrence,Lawrence
saint lawrence river,Saint Lawrence
saint louis,Louis IX
saint luke,Luke
saint maarten,Saint Martin
saint mark,Mark
saint martin's summer,Indian summer
saint matthew,Matthew
saint matthew the apostle,Matthew
saint nicholas,Nicholas
saint nick,Santa Claus
saint olaf,Olaf II
saint olav,Olaf II
saint patrick,Patrick
saint patrick's day,St Patrick's Day
saint paul,Paul
saint peter,Peter
saint peter's wreath,bridal wreath
saint peter the apostle,Peter
saint petersburg,St. Petersburg
saint polycarp,Polycarp
saint teresa of avila,Teresa of Avila
saint thomas,Thomas
saint thomas a becket,Becket
saint thomas aquinas,Aquinas
saint ulmo's fire,corona discharge
saint ulmo's light,corona discharge
saint valentine's day,Valentine Day
saint vitus dance,Sydenham's chorea
saintpaulia ionantha,African violet
sakartvelo,Georgia
sake,interest
saki,Munro
sakkara,Saqqara
sakti,Shakti
saktism,Shaktism
sal ammoniac,ammonium chloride
sal soda,sodium carbonate
sal volatile,spirits of ammonia
salaah,salat
salaat,salat
salability,salableness
salableness,salability
salaciousness,obscenity
salacity,obscenity
salad bowl,salad plate
salad burnet,burnet bloodwort
salad days,bloom
salad dressing,dressing
salad green,salad greens
salad greens,salad green
salad plate,salad bowl
salade,sallet
salafast group for call and combat,Salafist Group
salafi movement,Salafism
salah,salat
salah-ad-din yusuf ibn-ayyub,Saladin
salah al-din battalions,Qassam Brigades
salai,Boswellia serrata
salal,shallon
salamander,poker
salamandra atra,alpine salamander
salamandra maculosa,spotted salamander
salamandra salamandra,European fire salamander
salary,wage
salary cut,pay cut
salary increase,raise
salat,salaat
sale,cut-rate sale
sale in gross,contract of hazard
saleratus,bicarbonate of soda
saleroom,showroom
sales,gross sales
sales agreement,sale
sales booth,stall
sales demonstrator,demonstrator
sales department,sales division
sales division,sales department
sales event,sale
sales force,sales department
sales outlet,mercantile establishment
sales pitch,sales talk
sales rep,salesperson
sales representative,salesperson
sales talk,sales pitch
sales tax,nuisance tax
salesclerk,shop clerk
salesgirl,saleswoman
saleslady,salesgirl
salesperson,sales representative
salesroom,showroom
saleswoman,salesgirl
salian,Salian Frank
salicornia europaea,glasswort
salicylic acid,2-hydroxybenzoic acid
salience,saliency
saliency,salience
salim,Sanchez
saline solution,saline
salinity,salt
salisbury,Harare
salishan,Salish
saliva,spit
salivary calculus,sialolith
salix alba,white willow
salix alba caerulea,cricket-bat willow
salix alba sericea,silver willow
salix alba vitellina,golden willow
salix amygdalina,almond willow
salix amygdaloides,peachleaf willow
salix arctica,arctic willow
salix babylonica,weeping willow
salix blanda,Wisconsin weeping willow
salix candida,hoary willow
salix caprea,goat willow
salix cinerea,grey willow
salix discolor,pussy willow
salix fragilis,crack willow
salix herbacea,dwarf willow
salix humilis,prairie willow
salix lasiolepis,arroyo willow
salix lucida,shining willow
salix nigra,swamp willow
salix pendulina,Wisconsin weeping willow
salix pendulina blanda,Wisconsin weeping willow
salix pentandra,bay willow
salix purpurea,purple willow
salix pyrifolia,balsam willow
salix repens,creeping willow
salix sericea,silver willow
salix sitchensis,Sitka willow
salix triandra,almond willow
salix tristis,dwarf grey willow
salix uva-ursi,bearberry willow
salix viminalis,common osier
salix vitellina,golden willow
sallet,salade
sally,wisecrack
sallying forth,sally
salmagundi,assortment
salman rushdie,Rushdie
salmo gairdneri,rainbow trout
salmo salar,Atlantic salmon
salmo trutta,brown trout
salmon berry,salmonberry
salmon p. chase,Chase
salmon pink,yellowish pink
salmon portland chase,Chase
salmon river,Salmon
salmon trout,sea trout
salmonberry,cloudberry
salmonella typhi,typhoid bacillus
salmonella typhosa,typhoid bacillus
salmwood,Spanish elm
salol,phenyl salicylate
salon,beauty salon
salonica,Thessaloniki
salonika,Thessaloniki
saloon,barroom
salp,salpa
salpa,salp
salpichroa organifolia,cock's eggs
salpichroa rhomboidea,cock's eggs
salpiglossis sinuata,painted tongue
salpinctes obsoletus,rock wren
salsify,oyster plant
salsilla,Bomarea salsilla
salsola kali,saltwort
salsola kali tenuifolia,Russian thistle
salsola soda,saltwort
salt-free diet,low-sodium diet
salt flat,salt plain
salt lick,lick
salt marsh mallow,Kosteletzya virginica
salt merchant,salter
salt mine,treadmill
salt plain,salt flat
salt reed grass,Spartina cynosuroides
salt rush,Juncus leseurii
salt shaker,saltshaker
salt tree,Halimodendron halodendron
saltation,leap
salter,salt merchant
saltiness,coarseness
saltire,St. Andrew's cross
saltpeter,potassium nitrate
saltpetre,potassium nitrate
saltshaker,salt shaker
saltwater,seawater
saltwort,barilla
saltwort family,Batidaceae
salubriousness,salubrity
salubrity,salubriousness
salutation,salute
salutatorian,salutatory speaker
salutatory,salutatory address
salutatory address,salutatory oration
salutatory oration,salutatory address
salutatory speaker,salutatorian
salute,salutation
saluter,greeter
salvador,El Salvador
salvador dali,Dali
salvadora family,Salvadoraceae
salvadora persica,toothbrush tree
salvadoran capital,San Salvador
salvadorian,Salvadoran
salvager,salvor
salvation,redemption
salve,ointment
salvelinus alpinus,Arctic char
salvelinus fontinalis,brook trout
salvelinus namaycush,lake trout
salvia,sage
salvia azurea,blue sage
salvia clarea,clary sage
salvia divinorum,Mexican mint
salvia farinacea,blue sage
salvia lancifolia,blue sage
salvia leucophylla,purple sage
salvia lyrata,cancerweed
salvia officinalis,common sage
salvia pratensis,meadow clary
salvia reflexa,blue sage
salvia sclarea,clary
salvia spathacea,pitcher sage
salvia verbenaca,wild sage
salvinia auriculata,floating-moss
salvinia rotundifolia,floating-moss
salvo,fusillade
salvor,salvager
salwar,shalwar
sam,surface-to-air missile
sam adams,Adams
sam goldwyn,Goldwyn
sam houston,Houston
sam shepard,Shepard
sam snead,Snead
saman,rain tree
samanala,Adam's Peak
samara,key fruit
samarang,Semarang
samarcand,Samarkand
samarium,Sm
samba,obeche
sambar,sambur
sambre river,Sambre
sambucus caerulea,blue elder
sambucus canadensis,American elder
sambucus ebulus,dwarf elder
sambucus nigra,bourtree
sambucus pubens,American red elder
sambucus racemosa,European red elder
sambur,sambar
sameness,monotony
sami,Lapp
samia cynthia,ailanthus silkworm
samia walkeri,cynthia moth
samian ware,terra sigillata
samiel,simoom
samisen,shamisen
samizdat,underground press
samoa i sisifo,Samoa
samoan islands,Samoa
samolus floribundus,brookweed
samolus parviflorus,brookweed
samolus valerandii,brookweed
samoyede,Samoyed
samphire,glasswort
sample,sample distribution
sample distribution,sample
sampler,sampling station
sampling,sample distribution
sampling station,sampler
samuel adams,Adams
samuel barber,Barber
samuel beckett,Beckett
samuel butler,Butler
samuel dashiell hammett,Hammett
samuel de champlain,Champlain
samuel f. b. morse,Morse
samuel finley breese morse,Morse
samuel goldwyn,Goldwyn
samuel gompers,Gompers
samuel houston,Houston
samuel huntington,Huntington
samuel jackson snead,Snead
samuel johnson,Johnson
samuel langhorne clemens,Clemens
samuel morse,Morse
samuel pepys,Pepys
samuel pierpoint langley,Langley
samuel rawson gardiner,Gardiner
samuel rosenstock,Tzara
samuel taylor coleridge,Coleridge
samuel wiesenthal,Wiesenthal
samuel wilder,Wilder
sana'a,Sana
sanaa,Sana
sanatarium,sanatorium
sanatorium,sanatarium
sanctimoniousness,sanctimony
sanctimony,sanctimoniousness
sanction,countenance
sanctitude,holiness
sanctity,holiness
sanctuary,refuge
sanctum,sanctum sanctorum
sanctum sanctorum,sanctum
sand badger,hog badger
sand bar,sandbar
sand berry,common bearberry
sand blackberry,Rubus cuneifolius
sand cherry,Prunus pumila
sand cricket,Jerusalem cricket
sand devil's claw,Proboscidea arenaria
sand dropseed,Sporobolus cryptandrus
sand dune,dune
sand eel,sand lance
sand flea,beach flea
sand fly,sandfly
sand grouse,sandgrouse
sand hopper,beach flea
sand lance,sand launce
sand launce,sand lance
sand leek,giant garlic
sand lizard,Lacerta agilis
sand martin,bank martin
sand myrtle,Leiophyllum buxifolium
sand phlox,chickweed phlox
sand rat,Meriones longifrons
sand reed,sand sedge
sand sage,silvery wormwood
sand sedge,sand reed
sand shark,sand tiger
sand sole,Psettichthys melanostichus
sand spurry,sea spurry
sand tiger,sand shark
sand trap,bunker
sand tumor,psammoma
sand viper,horned viper
sandalwood family,Santalaceae
sandalwood tree,true sandalwood
sandarac,citronwood
sandarac tree,sandarac
sandarach,sandarac
sandbar,sand bar
sandbar shark,blacktip shark
sandberry,common bearberry
sandbox,sandpile
sandbur,sandspur
sander,drum sander
sanderling,Crocethia alba
sandfish,beaked salmon
sandfly,sand fly
sandfly fever,pappataci fever
sandgrouse,sand grouse
sandhopper,beach flea
sandor kellner,Korda
sandpaper,emery paper
sandpile,sandbox
sandpit,sandbox
sandril,reserpine
sandro botticelli,Botticelli
sands,littoral
sandspur,sandbur
sandstorm,dust storm
sandwich islands,Hawaiian Islands
sandwort,Moehringia mucosa
sandy mushroom,Tricholoma populinum
saneness,sanity
sanfoin,sainfoin
sang,American ginseng
sang-froid,aplomb
sangapenum,gum sangapenum
sangaree,sangria
sangraal,grail
sangria,sangaree
sanguification,hematopoiesis
sanguinaria canadensis,bloodroot
sanguinary ant,Formica sanguinea
sanguineness,sanguinity
sanguinity,sanguineness
sanicle,snakeroot
sanicula arctopoides,footsteps-of-spring
sanicula bipinnatifida,purple sanicle
sanicula europaea,European sanicle
sanies,pus
sanitarium,sanatorium
sanitary code,health code
sanitary napkin,sanitary towel
sanitary towel,sanitary napkin
sanitation,sanitization
sanitisation,sanitation
sanitization,sanitation
sanity,saneness
sannyasi,sannyasin
sannyasin,sannyasi
sans serif,Helvetica
sansevieria,bowstring hemp
sansevieria guineensis,African bowstring hemp
sansevieria trifasciata,mother-in-law's tongue
sansevieria zeylanica,Ceylon bowstring hemp
sanskritic language,Sanskrit
sanson-flamsteed projection,sinusoidal projection
santa,Santa Claus
santa maria de belem,Belem
santa maria tree,calaba
santa sofia,Hagia Sophia
santa sophia,Hagia Sophia
santalum album,sandalwood tree
santee dakota,Santee
santee sioux,Santee
santiago,Santiago de los Caballeros
santiago de chile,Gran Santiago
santiago ramon y cajal,Ramon y Cajal
santolina chamaecyparissus,lavender cotton
sanvitalia procumbens,creeping zinnia
sanwa millet,Japanese millet
sanyasi,sannyasi
sao thome e principe,Sao Tome and Principe
sao tome e principe,Sao Tome and Principe
saone river,Saone
sap,fool
sapele mahogany,African scented mahogany
saphar,Safar
saphead,fool
saphenous nerve,nervus saphenus
saphenous vein,vena saphena
sapidity,relish
sapidness,sapidity
sapience,wisdom
sapiential book,wisdom book
sapindus drumondii,wild China tree
sapindus marginatus,wild China tree
sapindus saponaria,China tree
sapodilla,sapodilla tree
sapodilla family,Sapotaceae
sapodilla plum,sapodilla
sapodilla tree,sapodilla
saponaria officinalis,soapwort
saponaria vaccaria,cowherb
sapota,sapodilla
sapote,marmalade tree
sapphic ode,Horatian ode
sapphire berry,Asiatic sweetleaf
sapphism,lesbianism
sapraemia,sapremia
sapremia,sapraemia
saprolegnia ferax,white fungus
saprophyte,saprophytic organism
saprophytic organism,saprophyte
saqqarah,Saqqara
saquinavir,Invirase
sara teasdale,Teasdale
sarafem,fluoxetine
saragossa,Zaragoza
sarah bernhardt,Bernhardt
sarah kemble siddons,Siddons
sarah siddons,Siddons
sarah vaughan,Vaughan
saran wrap,cling film
sarape,serape
saratoga,Australian arowana
saratoga chip,chip
sarcasm,irony
sarcenet,sarsenet
sarcobatus vermiculatus,greasewood
sarcocephalus diderrichii,opepe
sarcocephalus esculentus,negro peach
sarcocephalus latifolius,negro peach
sarcochilus falcatus,orange-blossom orchid
sarcocystidean,sarcosporidian
sarcocystieian,sarcosporidian
sarcodes sanguinea,snow plant
sarcodine,sarcodinian
sarcodinian,sarcodine
sarcophaga carnaria,flesh fly
sarcophilus hariisi,Tasmanian devil
sarcoptid,itch mite
sarcorhamphus papa,king vulture
sarcosporidian,sarcocystidean
sarcostemma acidum,soma
sarcostyle,myofibril
sard,sardine
sarda chiliensis,Chile bonito
sarda sarda,skipjack
sardegna,Sardinia
sardina pilchardus,pilchard
sardine,pilchard
sardinops caerulea,Pacific sardine
sardius,sard
saree,sari
sargasso,gulfweed
sargassum,gulfweed
sargassum bacciferum,gulfweed
sari,saree
sarin,GB
sarracenia flava,huntsman's horn
sarracenia minor,hooded pitcher plant
sarracenia purpurea,common pitcher plant
sars,severe acute respiratory syndrome
sarsenet,sarcenet
sartor,tailor
sartorius,sartorius muscle
sartorius muscle,sartorius
sarvepalli radhakrishnan,Radhakrishnan
sas,Special Air Service
sash,window sash
sash cord,sash line
sash fastener,sash lock
sash line,sash cord
sash lock,sash fastener
sashay,chasse
sasquatch,Bigfoot
sass,sassing
sassaby,topi
sassafras,sassafras tree
sassafras albidum,sassafras
sassafras laurel,California laurel
sassafras tree,sassafras
sassing,sass
sat,Saturday
satanism,diabolism
satchel paige,Paige
satchmo,Armstrong
satellite television,satellite TV
satellite tv,satellite television
satiation,repletion
satiety,repletion
satin bird,satin bowerbird
satin bowerbird,satin bird
satin flower,honesty
satin leaf,satinleaf
satin walnut,sweet gum
satinet,satinette
satinette,satinet
satinleaf,satin leaf
satinpod,honesty
satinwood,West Indian satinwood
satinwood tree,satinwood
satire,sarcasm
satirist,ironist
satisfaction,gratification
satsuma,satsuma tree
satsuma tree,satsuma
saturation,impregnation
saturation bombing,carpet bombing
satureia,Satureja
satureia hortensis,summer savory
satureia montana,winter savory
satureja acinos,basil thyme
satureja calamintha glandulosa,lesser calamint
satureja calamintha officinalis,common calamint
satureja douglasii,yerba buena
satureja grandiflora,large-flowered calamint
satureja hortensis,summer savory
satureja montana,winter savory
satureja nepeta,lesser calamint
satureja vulgaris,wild basil
saturnia pavonia,emperor
saturniid,saturniid moth
saturniid moth,saturniid
saturnism,lead poisoning
satyendra n. bose,Bose
satyendra nath bose,Bose
satyr,lecher
satyr orchid,Coeloglossum bracteatum
sauce-alone,garlic mustard
sauce albert,horseradish sauce
sauce chausseur,hunter's sauce
sauce espagnole,Espagnole
sauce verte,green mayonnaise
sauce vinaigrette,French dressing
sauceboat,gravy boat
saucer,disk
saucer magnolia,Chinese magnolia
sauciness,impertinence
saudi arabian,Saudi
saul bellow,Bellow
saul of tarsus,Paul
saul steinberg,Steinberg
sauna,sweat room
saunter,amble
saunterer,stroller
saurel,horse mackerel
saurischian,saurischian dinosaur
saurischian dinosaur,saurischian
sauromalus obesus,chuckwalla
sauropod,sauropod dinosaur
sauropod dinosaur,sauropod
saururus cernuus,lizard's-tail
saury,billfish
sausage,blimp
sausage balloon,blimp
sausage dog,sausage hound
sausage hound,sausage dog
saussure,de Saussure
saussurea costus,costusroot
saussurea lappa,costusroot
sauteing,frying
sauternes,Sauterne
savageness,savagery
savagery,savageness
savanna,savannah
savannah river,Savannah
savant,initiate
saver,rescuer
savin,dwarf juniper
saving grace,grace
savings,nest egg
savings account trust,savings bank trust
savings and loan,savings and loan association
savings and loan association,savings and loan
savings bank,coin bank
savings bank trust,savings account trust
savinien cyrano de bergerac,Cyrano de Bergerac
savior,Jesus
saviour,Jesus
savoir-faire,address
savor,relish
savoriness,flavorsomeness
savoring,tasting
savorlessness,flavorlessness
savour,relish
savouring,tasting
savourlessness,flavorlessness
savoy cabbage,savoy
savvy,understanding
saw,proverb
saw palmetto,scrub palmetto
sawbill,merganser
sawbones,surgeon
sawbuck,sawhorse
sawdust mushroom,Pluteus magnus
sawhorse,horse
sawing machine,power saw
sawmill,lumbermill
sawwort,Serratula tinctoria
sawyer,sawyer beetle
sawyer beetle,sawyer
saxe-gothea conspicua,Prince Albert yew
saxegothea,Saxe-gothea
saxicola rubetra,whinchat
saxicola torquata,stonechat
saxicolous plant,rupestral plant
saxifraga aizoides,yellow mountain saxifrage
saxifraga granulata,meadow saxifrage
saxifraga hypnoides,mossy saxifrage
saxifraga occidentalis,western saxifrage
saxifraga oppositifolia,purple saxifrage
saxifraga sarmentosam,strawberry geranium
saxifraga stellaris,star saxifrage
saxifraga stolonifera,strawberry geranium
saxifrage,breakstone
saxifrage family,Saxifragaceae
saxist,saxophonist
saxophone,sax
saxophonist,saxist
say-so,pronouncement
say hey kid,Mays
sayanci,Zaar
sayeret,Sayeret Matkal
sayeret mat'kal,Sayeret Matkal
saying,expression
sayonara,adieu
sayornis phoebe,phoebe
sb,antimony
sba,Small Business Administration
sbe,south by east
sbw,south by west
sc,scandium
scab,strikebreaker
scabies,itch
scabiosa,scabious
scabiosa arvensis,field scabious
scabiosa atropurpurea,sweet scabious
scabious,scabiosa
scads,tons
scaffolding,staging
scag,big H
scalar product,inner product
scalawag,scallywag
scale,scale of measurement
scale fern,scaly fern
scale leaf,scale
scale moss,leafy liverwort
scale of c major,C major
scale of measurement,scale
scale wax,paraffin scale
scalene muscle,scalenus
scalenus,scalene muscle
scaling,grading
scallion,leek
scallop,crenation
scallopine,scallopini
scallopini,scallopine
scallywag,scalawag
scaly anteater,pangolin
scaly fern,scale fern
scaly lentinus,Lentinus lepideus
scaly pholiota,Pholiota squarrosa
scaly polypore,Polyporus squamosus
scam,cozenage
scammer,swindler
scammony,Ipomoea orizabensis
scammonyroot,wild potato vine
scamp,imp
scamper,scramble
scampo,Norwegian lobster
scan,CAT scan
scandal,dirt
scandalisation,scandalization
scandalization,scandalisation
scandinavian language,Scandinavian
scandinavian nation,Scandinavian country
scandinavian peninsula,Scandinavia
scandium,Sc
scanner,digital scanner
scantiness,meagerness
scantling,stud
scantness,meagerness
scape,flower stalk
scapegoat,whipping boy
scapegrace,black sheep
scaphiopus bombifrons,plains spadefoot
scaphiopus hammondii,western spadefoot
scaphiopus multiplicatus,southern spadefoot
scaphoid bone,os scaphoideum
scapula,shoulder blade
scapulary,scapular
scar,cicatrix
scarab,scarabaeus
scarabaean,scarabaeid beetle
scarabaeid,scarabaeid beetle
scarabaeid beetle,scarabaeid
scarabaeus,scarab
scarabaeus sacer,scarab
scaramouche,Scaramouch
scarceness,scarcity
scarcity,scarceness
scardinius erythrophthalmus,rudd
scare,panic
scarecrow,straw man
scaremonger,stirrer
scarer,scarecrow
scarf,scarf joint
scarf bandage,sling
scarf joint,scarf
scarface,Capone
scarfpin,tie tack
scarlatina,scarlet fever
scarlet bugler,Penstemon centranthifolius
scarlet bush,scarlet hamelia
scarlet clematis,Clematis texensis
scarlet cup,Sarcoscypha coccinea
scarlet fever,scarlatina
scarlet fritillary,Fritillaria recurva
scarlet hamelia,scarlet bush
scarlet haw,Crataegus biltmoreana
scarlet lychnis,maltese cross
scarlet maple,red maple
scarlet musk flower,Nyctaginia capitata
scarlet oak,Quercus coccinea
scarlet pimpernel,red pimpernel
scarlet plume,Euphorbia fulgens
scarlet runner,scarlet runner bean
scarlet runner bean,scarlet runner
scarlet strawberry,Virginia strawberry
scarlet sumac,smooth sumac
scarlet tanager,Piranga olivacea
scarlet wisteria tree,vegetable hummingbird
scarp,escarpment
scartella cristata,Molly Miller
scat,scat singing
scat singing,scat
scathe,damage
scatter,spread
scatter rug,throw rug
scatterbrain,forgetful person
scattergood,spendthrift
scattergun,shotgun
scattering,sprinkling
scaup,scaup duck
scaup duck,scaup
scauper,scorper
scavenger,magpie
scavenger cell,phagocyte
scd,Doctor of Science
sceloglaux albifacies,laughing owl
sceloporus graciosus,sagebrush lizard
sceloporus occidentalis,western fence lizard
sceloporus undulatus,eastern fence lizard
scene,view
scene of action,arena
scene painter,scenic artist
scenery,scene
sceneshifter,shifter
scenic artist,scene painter
scent,aroma
scented fern,hay-scented
scented penstemon,balloon flower
scented wattle,huisache
scentless camomile,scentless false camomile
scentless false camomile,scentless camomile
scentless hayweed,scentless camomile
scentless mayweed,scentless camomile
scepter,sceptre
sceptic,skeptic
scepticism,agnosticism
sceptre,scepter
scet,spacecraft event time
schedule,agenda
scheduled territories,sterling area
scheduling,programming
schefflera actinophylla,umbrella tree
scheldt river,Scheldt
schema,scheme
schematic drawing,schematic
schematisation,schematization
schematization,schematisation
scheme,strategy
scheme arch,skeen arch
schemer,plotter
schemozzle,shemozzle
scheol,Hell
schilling,Austrian schilling
schinus chichita,aroeira blanca
schinus molle,pepper tree
schinus terebinthifolius,Brazilian pepper tree
schism,split
schistorrhachis,spina bifida
schistosome,blood fluke
schistosome dermatitis,swimmer's itch
schistosomiasis,bilharzia
schizachyrium scoparium,broom beard grass
schizaea pusilla,curly grass
schizanthus,butterfly flower
schizopetalon,Schizopetalon walkeri
schizopetalon walkeri,schizopetalon
schizophragma hydrangeoides,climbing hydrangea
schizophrenia,schizophrenic disorder
schizophrenic disorder,schizophrenia
schizophrenic psychosis,schizophrenia
schizophyceae,Myxophyceae
schizotypal personality,schizoid
schlemiel,shlemiel
schlemm's canal,canal of Schlemm
schlep,schlepper
schlepper,shlepper
schlesien,Silesia
schlimazel,shlimazel
schlock,shlock
schlockmeister,shlockmeister
schlumbergera baridgesii,Christmas cactus
schlumbergera buckleyi,Christmas cactus
schlumbergera gaertneri,Easter cactus
schlumbergera truncatus,crab cactus
schmaltz,shmaltz
schmalz,schmaltz
schmear,schmeer
schmeer,schmear
schmegegge,shmegegge
schmidt camera,Schmidt telescope
schmo,schmuck
schmoose,chat
schmooze,chat
schmoozer,conversationalist
schmuck,shmuck
schnapps,schnaps
schnaps,schnapps
schnecken,honey bun
schnittlaugh,chives
schnitzel,Wiener schnitzel
schnook,shnook
schnorchel,snorkel
schnorkel,snorkel
schnorrer,shnorrer
schnoz,beak
schnozzle,beak
schoenberg,Schonberg
schola cantorum,choir school
scholar,scholarly person
scholarly person,scholar
scholarship,eruditeness
scholia,scholium
scholium,scholia
school,schoolhouse
school-age child,schoolchild
school assignment,schoolwork
school board,board of education
school day,school
school dictionary,learner's dictionary
school newspaper,school paper
school of dentistry,dental school
school of law,law school
school of medicine,medical school
school of music,music school
school of nursing,nursing school
school of thought,doctrine
school paper,school newspaper
school principal,principal
school ship,training ship
school teacher,schoolteacher
school term,academic term
school text,textbook
school year,academic year
schoolbook,textbook
schoolchild,school-age child
schooldays,schooltime
schoolfellow,schoolmate
schoolhouse,school
schooling,school
schoolma'am,schoolmarm
schoolmarm,schoolma'am
schoolmaster,headmaster
schoolmate,classmate
schoolmistress,schoolmarm
schoolroom,classroom
schoolteacher,school teacher
schooltime,school
schoolwork,school assignment
schrod,scrod
schrodinger wave equation,Schrodinger equation
schtick,shtik
schtickl,shtikl
schtik,shtik
schtikl,shtikl
schuller-christian disease,Hand-Schuller-Christian disease
schwa,shwa
schwarzwald,Black Forest
schweiz,Switzerland
sciadopitys verticillata,Japanese umbrella pine
sciaena antarctica,mulloway
sciaena aquila,maigre
sciaenid,sciaenid fish
sciaenid fish,sciaenid
sciaenops ocellatus,red drum
sciara,fungus gnat
sciarid,fungus gnat
sciatic nerve,nervus ischiadicus
scid,severe combined immunodeficiency
science,scientific discipline
science lab,lab
science laboratory,lab
scientific agriculture,agronomy
scientific discipline,science
scientific research,research project
scilla,squill
scilla nonscripta,wild hyacinth
scilla verna,spring squill
scincid,skink
scincid lizard,skink
scindapsus aureus,golden pothos
scintilla,shred
scintillating scotoma,flittering scotoma
scintillation,twinkle
sciolist,dabbler
scipio africanus,Scipio
scipio africanus major,Scipio
scipio the elder,Scipio
scirpus acutus,hardstem bulrush
scirpus cyperinus,wool grass
scissor grip,scissors
scissor hold,scissors
scissors,pair of scissors
scissors grip,scissors
scissors hold,scissors
scissortail,scissortailed flycatcher
scissortailed flycatcher,scissortail
scissure,crack
sciurus carolinensis,eastern grey squirrel
sciurus griseus,western grey squirrel
sciurus hudsonicus,American red squirrel
sciurus niger,fox squirrel
sciurus vulgaris,red squirrel
sclera,sclerotic coat
scleral veins,venae sclerales
scleranthus annuus,knawel
scleroderma,dermatosclerosis
scleroderma aurantium,Scleroderma citrinum
scleropages jardinii,Australian bonytongue
scleropages leichardti,Australian arowana
scleroprotein,albuminoid
sclerosing leukoencephalitis,subacute sclerosing panencephalitis
sclerosis,induration
sclerotic coat,sclera
sclerotium disease,sclerotium rot
sclerotium rot,sclerotium disease
sclk,spacecraft clock time
scnt,somatic cell nuclear transplantation
scoff,jeer
scoffer,gorger
scoffing,jeer
scoinson arch,sconcheon arch
scoke,poke
scold,scolder
scolder,scold
scolding,chiding
scolion,banquet song
scollop,scallop
scolopax rusticola,Eurasian woodcock
scolopendrium nigripes,Schaffneria nigripes
scolymus hispanicus,Spanish oyster plant
scolytus multistriatus,Dutch-elm beetle
scomber colias,Spanish mackerel
scomber japonicus,chub mackerel
scomber scombrus,common mackerel
scomberesox saurus,saury
scomberomorus cavalla,king mackerel
scomberomorus regalis,cero
scomberomorus sierra,sierra
scombresocidae,Scomberesocidae
scombresox,Scomberesox
scombroid,scombroid fish
scombroid fish,scombroid
sconcheon arch,scoinson arch
scoop,scoopful
scoop shovel,scoop
scoopful,scoop
scooter,water scooter
scope,range
scophthalmus aquosus,windowpane
scophthalmus rhombus,brill
scopolamine,hyoscine
scorbutus,scurvy
scorch,singe
scorcher,screamer
score,mark
score paper,music paper
scorecard,card
scorekeeper,scorer
scorer,scorekeeper
scores,tons
scoria,slag
scoring,marking
scoring system,rating system
scorn,contempt
scorner,sneerer
scorpaena grandicornis,plumed scorpionfish
scorpaenid,scorpaenid fish
scorpaenid fish,scorpaenid
scorpaenoid,scorpaenoid fish
scorpaenoid fish,scorpaenoid
scorper,scauper
scorpio the scorpion,Scorpio
scorpion,Scorpio
scorpion fish,scorpionfish
scorpion weed,scorpionweed
scorpionfish,scorpion fish
scorpionweed,scorpion weed
scorzonera,black salsify
scorzonera hispanica,black salsify
scotch broom,common broom
scotch fir,Scotch pine
scotch gale,sweet gale
scotch malt whiskey,Scotch
scotch malt whisky,Scotch
scotch marigold,common marigold
scotch pancake,drop scone
scotch tape,cellulose tape
scotch thistle,cotton thistle
scotch whiskey,Scotch
scotch whisky,Scotch
scotchman,Scot
scotchwoman,Scotswoman
scoter,scooter
scotopic vision,night vision
scots english,Scottish
scots gaelic,Scottish Gaelic
scots heather,heather
scots pine,Scotch pine
scotsman,Scot
scott's spleenwort,ebony spleenwort
scott joplin,Joplin
scottie,Scotch terrier
scottish highlander,Highlander
scottish lallans,Lallans
scottish lowlander,Lowlander
scottish maple,sycamore
scottish reel,reel
scottish terrier,Scotch terrier
scoundrel,villain
scourge,flagellum
scourge of god,Attila
scourge of the gods,Attila
scourger,flogger
scouring,scrub
scouring rush,rough horsetail
scours,scour
scouse,lobscouse
scouser,Liverpudlian
scout,lookout
scout car,reconnaissance vehicle
scout group,troop
scout troop,troop
scouter,rover
scouting,exploratory survey
scowl,frown
scpo,senior chief petty officer
scrabble,scribble
scrag,thin person
scrag end,scrag
scramble,scuffle
scrambler,trail bike
scrap,bit
scrape,scraping
scrapheap,garbage heap
scraping,scrape
scrapper,combatant
scraps,garbage
scratch,abrasion
scratch awl,scriber
scratch line,start
scratch pad,scratch paper
scratch paper,scratch pad
scratch sheet,dope sheet
scratchiness,harshness
scratching,scrape
scrawl,scribble
scrawler,scribbler
scrawniness,skinniness
scream,screaming
screamer,roarer
screaming meemies,jitters
scree,talus
screech,screeching
screech owl,Otus asio
screecher,roarer
screeching,screech
screen,silver screen
screen actor,movie actor
screen background,background
screen door,screen
screen font,raster font
screening,showing
screenland,filmdom
screenwriter,film writer
screw,prison guard
screw-pine family,Pandanaceae
screw auger,auger
screw augur,Spiranthes cernua
screw bean,screwbean
screw jack,jackscrew
screw log,patent log
screw pine,pandanus
screw propeller,screw
screw thread,thread
screwbean,screw bean
screwbean mesquite,screw bean
screwing,fuck
scribble,scratch
scribbler,scribe
scribbling block,scratch pad
scriber,scribe
scribing block,surface gauge
scrimmage,melee
scrimmage line,line of scrimmage
script,book
scripture,Bible
scrivener,copyist
scrod,schrod
scrofula,struma
scroll,coil
scroll saw,jigsaw
scrooge,niggard
scrotal vein,vena scrotalis
scrounger,moocher
scrub-bird,scrubbird
scrub beefwood,beefwood
scrub bird,scrubbird
scrub brush,scrubbing brush
scrub fowl,megapode
scrub palmetto,saw palmetto
scrub pine,Virginia pine
scrub typhus,tsutsugamushi disease
scrubber,scrub brush
scrubbiness,scrawniness
scrubbing,scrub
scrubbing brush,scrub brush
scrubbird,scrub-bird
scrubs,gown
scruff,nape
scrum,scrummage
scrummage,scrum
scruple,qualm
scruples,conscience
scrupulousness,meticulousness
scrutin de liste,list system
scrutin de liste system,list system
scrutin uninomial system,uninominal system
scrutin uninominal voting system,uninominal system
scrutineer,canvasser
scrutiniser,scrutinizer
scrutinizer,scrutiniser
scrutiny,examination
scsi,small computer system interface
scuba,aqualung
scud,scudding
scudding,scud
scuff,mule
scuffle,hassle
scuffle hoe,scuffle
sculptor,sculpturer
sculptural relief,relief
sculpture,carving
sculpturer,sculptor
scum,trash
scum bag,rotter
scup,porgy
scurf,scale
scurrility,billingsgate
scurry,scamper
scurvy grass,common scurvy grass
scut work,shitwork
scutch grass,Bermuda grass
scutcheon,finger plate
scutellaria lateriflora,blue pimpernel
scutigera coleoptrata,house centipede
scutigerella immaculata,garden centipede
scuttle,coal scuttle
scuttlebutt,gossip
sd,South Dakota
se,selenium
sea,ocean
sea-coast,seashore
sea-duty,service abroad
sea-ear,ormer
sea-lavender family,Plumbaginaceae
sea-lettuce family,Ulvaceae
sea-poose,undertow
sea-purse,undertow
sea-puss,undertow
sea-rocket,Cakile maritima
sea anchor,drogue
sea anemone,anemone
sea animal,marine animal
sea ash,toothache tree
sea aster,sea starwort
sea bass,bass
sea bird,seabird
sea biscuit,hardtack
sea bottom,ocean floor
sea bream,bream
sea captain,master
sea chantey,chantey
sea cole,sea kale
sea cow,sirenian mammal
sea cradle,chiton
sea crawfish,spiny lobster
sea creature,marine animal
sea cucumber,holothurian
sea dahlia,Coreopsis maritima
sea dog,mariner
sea eagle,osprey
sea elephant,elephant seal
sea eryngium,sea holly
sea floor,ocean floor
sea gull,gull
sea hare,Aplysia punctata
sea holly,sea holm
sea holm,sea holly
sea horse,walrus
sea island cotton,tree cotton
sea kale,sea cole
sea ladder,sea steps
sea lamprey,Petromyzon marinus
sea lane,seaway
sea lavender,marsh rosemary
sea lettuce,laver
sea louse,sea slater
sea lyme grass,European dune grass
sea mat,bryozoan
sea mew,mew
sea mile,mile
sea milkwort,sea trifoly
sea moss,bryozoan
sea of azof,Sea of Azov
sea of azoff,Sea of Azov
sea of cortes,Gulf of California
sea of marmara,Marmara
sea of marmora,Marmara
sea onion,sea squill
sea otter,Enhydra lutris
sea pea,beach pea
sea pink,cliff rose
sea poacher,poacher
sea poker,poacher
sea poppy,horn poppy
sea purse,undertow
sea puss,undertow
sea raven,Hemitripterus americanus
sea robber,pirate
sea robin,searobin
sea rover,pirate
sea scallop,giant scallop
sea scooter,water scooter
sea scorpion,scorpionfish
sea slater,sea louse
sea slug,nudibranch
sea snail,snailfish
sea spider,pycnogonid
sea spurry,sand spurry
sea squab,blowfish
sea squill,sea onion
sea star,starfish
sea starwort,sea aster
sea steps,sea ladder
sea swallow,Sterna hirundo
sea tang,tang
sea tangle,tang
sea trifoly,sea milkwort
sea trout,salmon trout
sea turtle,marine turtle
sea wolf,killer whale
sea wormwood,Seriphidium maritimum
sea wrack,eelgrass
seabeach sandwort,Arenaria peploides
seabed,ocean floor
seabird,sea bird
seaboard,seaside
seaborgium,Sg
seacoast,seashore
seafarer,mariner
seafood sauce,cocktail sauce
seafowl,seabird
seagull,gull
seahorse,walrus
seal,sealing wax
seal limbs,phocomelia
seal of approval,cachet
seal ring,signet ring
sealant,sealer
sealed instrument,contract under seal
sealer,sealant
sealing,waterproofing
sealing wax,seal
sealskin,seal
sealskin tent,tupik
seam,wrinkle
seaman,mariner
seamster,tailor
seamstress,dressmaker
sean o'casey,O'Casey
seanad,Seanad Eireann
seance,sitting
seaplane,hydroplane
seaport,haven
seaquake,submarine earthquake
search,hunt
search language,command language
searcher,seeker
searcher beetle,searcher
searobin,sea robin
seascape,waterscape
seashore,coast
seasickness,mal de mer
seaside,seaboard
seaside alder,Alnus maritima
seaside daisy,beach aster
seaside goldenrod,beach goldenrod
seaside mahoe,portia tree
seaside scrub oak,myrtle oak
seasnail,snailfish
season,time of year
season ticket,commutation ticket
seasonableness,timeliness
seasonal worker,seasonal
seasoner,flavorer
seasoning,flavorer
seat,place
seat belt,seatbelt
seatbelt,seat belt
seating,seats
seating area,seating
seating room,seating
seats,seating
seawall,breakwater
seawater,saltwater
seaway,sea lane
seaworthiness,fitness
seb,staphylococcal enterotoxin B
sebaceous cyst,pilar cyst
sebaceous follicle,sebaceous gland
sebaceous gland,sebaceous follicle
sebacic acid,decanedioic acid
sebastian cabot,Cabot
sebastian vizcaino,Vizcaino
sebastodes caurinus,copper rockfish
sebastodes marinus,rosefish
sebastodes miniatus,vermillion rockfish
sebastodes ruberrimus,red rockfish
sebe,southeast by east
seborrheic dermatitis,seborrheic eczema
seborrheic eczema,seborrheic dermatitis
sebs,southeast by south
secale cereale,rye
secant,sec
secernment,secretion
secession,sezession
sechuana,Tswana
seckel,seckel pear
seckel pear,seckel
seclusion,privacy
secobarbital,secobarbital sodium
secobarbital sodium,secobarbital
seconal,secobarbital sodium
second-hand store,thriftshop
second-place finish,runner-up finish
second-rater,mediocrity
second-stringer,substitute
second advent,Second Coming
second adventism,Adventism
second adventist,Adventist
second balcony,family circle
second banana,straight man
second base,second
second baseman,second sacker
second battle of ypres,Ypres
second best,runner-up
second childhood,dotage
second coming of christ,Second Coming
second council of constantinople,Constantinople
second council of lyons,Lyons
second council of nicaea,Nicaea
second cranial nerve,optic nerve
second deck,main deck
second earl grey,Grey
second earl of chatham,Pitt
second earl of guilford,North
second epistle to the corinthians,Second Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Corinthians
second epistle to the thessalonians,Second Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Thessalonians
second epistle to timothy,Second Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Timothy
second estate,Lords Temporal
second fiddle,second banana
second gear,second
second half,last half
second joint,thigh
second law of motion,Newton's second law of motion
second lieutenant,2nd lieutenant
second marquis of rockingham,Rockingham
second power,square
second reich,Hohenzollern empire
second sacker,second baseman
second sight,clairvoyance
second stomach,reticulum
second thought,reconsideration
second world war,World War II
secondary cell,storage cell
secondary coil,secondary winding
secondary school,lyceum
secondary sex character,secondary sex characteristic
secondary sex characteristic,secondary sexual characteristic
secondary sexual characteristic,secondary sex characteristic
secondary storage,auxiliary storage
secondary winding,secondary coil
secondhand car,used-car
secondment,second
secpar,parsec
secrecy,secretiveness
secret agent,intelligence officer
secret approval,connivance
secret code,cipher
secret plan,plot
secret service,United States Secret Service
secret writing,cryptogram
secretaire,secretary
secretarial assistant,secretary
secretariat,secretariate
secretariate,secretariat
secretary,secretarial assistant
secretary bird,Sagittarius serpentarius
secretary of state for the home department,Home Secretary
secreter,gland
secretion,secernment
secretiveness,closeness
secretor,gland
secretory organ,gland
secretory phase,luteal phase
sect,religious sect
sectarianism,denominationalism
sectarist,sectarian
sectary,sectarian
section,subdivision
sectionalisation,division
sectionalism,provincialism
sectionalization,division
sector,sphere
sectral,acebutolol
secular games,Ludi Saeculares
secular humanism,humanism
secularisation,secularization
secularization,secularisation
secundigravida,gravida II
secureness,fastness
securer,procurer
securities analyst,financial analyst
securities firm,brokerage
securities industry,market
securities market,stock exchange
security,protection
security department,security
security deposit,margin
security force,private security force
security guard,watchman
security measure,security system
security measures,security
security review,censoring
security system,security measure
sed rate,erythrocyte sedimentation rate
sedan,saloon
sedan chair,sedan
sedateness,staidness
sedation,drugging
sedative-hypnotic,sedative-hypnotic drug
sedative-hypnotic drug,sedative-hypnotic
sedative drug,sedative
sedge bird,sedge warbler
sedge family,Cyperaceae
sedge warbler,sedge bird
sedge wren,short-billed marsh wren
sediment,deposit
sedimentation,deposit
sedimentation rate,erythrocyte sedimentation rate
seducer,ladies' man
seduction,conquest
sedulity,sedulousness
sedulousness,sedulity
sedum acre,wall pepper
sedum rosea,rose-root
sedum telephium,orpine
seed,seeded player
seed beetle,seed weevil
seed cake,seedcake
seed catalog,seed catalogue
seed catalogue,seed catalog
seed coat,testa
seed corn,seed grain
seed fern,pteridosperm
seed grain,seed corn
seed leaf,cotyledon
seed plant,spermatophyte
seed shrimp,mussel shrimp
seed vessel,pericarp
seed weevil,seed beetle
seedcake,seed cake
seedcase,pod
seeded player,seed
seeder,cloud seeder
seediness,shabbiness
seedless raisin,sultana
seedman,seedsman
seedpod,pod
seedsman,seedman
seeing red,huff
seeker,searcher
seeking,quest
seeland,Zealand
seemliness,grace
seepage,ooze
seer,visionary
seesaw,teeter
segment,section
segmentation,cleavage
segmentation cavity,blastocoel
segmented worm,annelid
sego lily,Calochortus nuttallii
segregation,separatism
segregationist,segregator
segregator,segregationist
segway ht,Segway
segway human transporter,Segway
sei whale,Balaenoptera borealis
seidlitz powders,Seidlitz powder
seigneur,feudal lord
seigneur de bayard,Bayard
seigneury,seigniory
seignior,feudal lord
seigniory,seigneury
seiji ozawa,Ozawa
seine river,Seine
seism,earthquake
seismic disturbance,shock
seismosaur,ground-shaker
seiurus aurocapillus,ovenbird
seizer,shanghaier
seizing,grasping
seizure,ictus
selachian,elasmobranch
selachii,Elasmobranchii
selaginella apoda,meadow spikemoss
selaginella eatonii,florida selaginella
selaginella eremophila,desert selaginella
selaginella lepidophylla,resurrection plant
selaginella rupestris,rock spikemoss
selar crumenophthalmus,bigeye scad
selcraig,Selkirk
selection,choice
selective-serotonin reuptake inhibitor,SSRI
selective information,information
selective jamming,spot jamming
selective lipectomy,lipectomy
selective service system,Selective Service
selector,picker
selector switch,selector
selenarctos thibetanus,Asiatic black bear
selene setapinnis,moonfish
selene vomer,lookdown
selenicereus grandiflorus,queen of the night
selenium,Se
selenolatry,moon-worship
seleucus i,Seleucus
seleucus i nicator,Seleucus
self-abasement,penance
self-abnegation,abnegation
self-abuse,self-stimulation
self-accusation,self-condemnation
self-aggrandisement,self-aggrandizement
self-aggrandizement,self-aggrandisement
self-analysis,soul-searching
self-annihilation,suicide
self-assertiveness,assertiveness
self-assurance,assurance
self-centeredness,egoism
self-command,self-control
self-complacency,complacency
self-concern,egoism
self-condemnation,self-accusation
self-confidence,assurance
self-consciousness,uneasiness
self-contemplation,introspection
self-control,self-denial
self-cultivation,self-education
self-deceit,self-deception
self-deception,self-deceit
self-defence,self-defense
self-defense,self-defence
self-denial,self-discipline
self-destruction,suicide
self-determination,self-government
self-digestion,autolysis
self-direction,autonomy
self-discipline,self-denial
self-disgust,self-hatred
self-distrust,diffidence
self-doubt,diffidence
self-drive,car rental
self-education,self-cultivation
self-effacement,effacement
self-employed person,freelancer
self-esteem,self-pride
self-evident truth,basic assumption
self-examination,introspection
self-feeder,feeder
self-fertilisation,self-fertilization
self-fertilization,self-fertilisation
self-fulfillment,self-realization
self-government,self-determination
self-gratification,dissoluteness
self-hatred,self-disgust
self-heal,heal all
self-importance,ego
self-improvement,self-reformation
self-inductance,coefficient of self induction
self-indulgence,indulgence
self-interest,opportunism
self-justification,excuse
self-loader,autoloader
self-love,amour propre
self-mortification,penance
self-organisation,self-organization
self-organization,self-organisation
self-possession,self-control
self-praise,boast
self-pride,self-esteem
self-protection,self-defense
self-raising flour,self-rising flour
self-realisation,self-fulfillment
self-realization,self-fulfillment
self-reformation,self-improvement
self-regard,dignity
self-reliance,autonomy
self-renunciation,abnegation
self-report inventory,self-report personality inventory
self-report personality inventory,self-report inventory
self-reproach,compunction
self-reproof,self-reproach
self-respect,dignity
self-restraint,temperateness
self-rising flour,self-raising flour
self-rule,self-government
self-sacrifice,selflessness
self-satisfaction,complacency
self-seeker,opportunist
self-stimulation,self-abuse
self-sufficiency,autonomy
self-suggestion,autosuggestion
self-taught art,outsider art
self-torment,self-torture
self-torture,self-torment
self-will,stubbornness
self-worship,idiolatry
self-worth,dignity
selflessness,altruism
seller,marketer
seller's market,sellers' market
sellers' market,seller's market
selling,merchandising
selling price,asking price
sellotape,cellulose tape
selsyn,synchro
seltzer,soda water
selva,tropical rain forest
selvage,selvedge
selvedge,selvage
semantic error,run-time error
semantic role,participant role
semanticist,semiotician
semaphore plant,telegraph plant
semasiology,cognitive semantics
semblance,gloss
semen,seed
semester hour,credit hour
semi,semifinal
semi-sweet chocolate,bittersweet chocolate
semiautomatic pistol,semiautomatic
semibreve,whole note
semicircle,hemicycle
semicircular arch,Roman arch
semiconducting material,semiconductor
semiconductor,semiconducting material
semiconductor device,semiconductor unit
semiconductor diode,diode
semiconductor unit,semiconductor device
semiconsciousness,grogginess
semidetached house,duplex house
semiepiphyte,hemiepiphyte
semifinal,semi
semilunar bone,lunate bone
semilunar cartilage,meniscus
seminal fluid,semen
seminarian,seminarist
seminarist,seminarian
seminole bread,coontie
seminoma,testicular cancer
semiology,semiotics
semiotician,semanticist
semiotics,semiology
semiparasite,hemiparasite
semipro,semiprofessional
semiprofessional,semipro
semiquaver,sixteenth note
semitone,half step
semitrailer,semi
semitransparency,translucence
semitropics,subtropics
semivowel,glide
semnopithecus entellus,entellus
sempiternity,perpetuity
sempstress,dressmaker
senate,United States Senate
senate campaign,senate race
senate race,senate campaign
send-off,bon voyage
sender,transmitter
sendero luminoso,Shining Path
sendup,parody
senecio aureus,golden groundsel
senecio bigelovii,nodding groundsel
senecio cineraria,dusty miller
senecio cruentus,cineraria
senecio doublasii,threadleaf groundsel
senecio glabellus,butterweed
senecio jacobaea,ragwort
senecio milkanioides,German ivy
senecio triangularis,arrowleaf groundsel
senecio vulgaris,groundsel
senega,Polygala alba
senega root,Seneca snakeroot
senega snakeroot,Seneca snakeroot
seneka snakeroot,Seneca snakeroot
senescence,aging
seneschal,major-domo
senga root,Seneca snakeroot
senile dementia,senile psychosis
senile psychosis,senile dementia
senility,dotage
senior chief petty officer,SCPO
senior citizen,oldster
senior high,senior high school
senior high school,senior high
senior master sergeant,SMSgt
senior pilot,captain
senior status,seniority
seniority,senior status
senna alata,ringworm bush
senna alexandrina,Alexandria senna
senna auriculata,avaram
senna marilandica,wild senna
senna obtusifolia,sicklepod
senna occidentalis,coffee senna
sens,pot
sensation,esthesis
sensationalism,luridness
sensationalist,ballyhoo artist
sense,signified
sense datum,sensation
sense experience,sensation
sense impression,sensation
sense modality,modality
sense of balance,equilibrium
sense of duty,sense of shame
sense of equilibrium,equilibrium
sense of hearing,hearing
sense of humor,humor
sense of humour,humor
sense of movement,kinesthesis
sense of purpose,purposefulness
sense of right and wrong,conscience
sense of shame,sense of duty
sense of smell,smell
sense of taste,taste
sense of touch,touch
sense organ,sensory receptor
senselessness,inanity
sensibility,esthesia
sensible horizon,horizon
sensing,detection
sensing element,detector
sensitisation,sensitization
sensitiser,sensitizer
sensitive fern,bead fern
sensitive pea,partridge pea
sensitive plant,touch-me-not
sensitiveness,sensitivity
sensitivity,sensitiveness
sensitization,sensitisation
sensitizer,sensitiser
sensor,detector
sensorimotor area,sensorimotor region
sensorimotor region,sensorimotor area
sensorineural hearing loss,nerve deafness
sensory aphasia,Wernicke's aphasia
sensory faculty,sense
sensory fiber,afferent fiber
sensory hair,whisker
sensory nerve,afferent nerve
sensory neuron,afferent neuron
sensory receptor,sense organ
sensory system,modality
sensualism,sensuality
sensuality,sensualness
sensualness,sensuality
sentence,conviction
sentence structure,syntax
sentience,awareness
sentiency,sense
sentiment,opinion
sentimentalisation,sentimentalization
sentimentalist,romanticist
sentimentality,mawkishness
sentimentalization,sentimentalisation
sentinel,lookout
sentry,lookout
sentry duty,guard duty
sentry go,guard duty
sep,September
sep 11,9/11
separateness,discreteness
separation,breakup
separation energy,binding energy
separationism,separatism
separationist,separatist
separatism,segregation
separator,centrifuge
separatrix,solidus
sephardic jew,Sephardi
sepia,reddish brown
sepiolite,meerschaum
sepoy mutiny,Indian Mutiny
seppuku,harakiri
sept,September
sept. 11,9/11
september 11,9/11
september 17,Citizenship Day
september 29,Michaelmas
september equinox,autumnal equinox
septenary,seven
septet,seven
septette,septet
septic sore throat,streptococcal sore throat
septicaemia,blood poisoning
septicemia,blood poisoning
septobasidium pseudopedicellatum,felt fungus
septuagesima sunday,Septuagesima
sepulcher,burial chamber
sepulchre,burial chamber
sepulture,burial
sequel,subsequence
sequenator,sequencer
sequence,chronological sequence
sequencer,sequenator
sequential operation,serial operation
sequestration,segregation
sequin,spangle
sequoia,redwood
sequoia gigantea,giant sequoia
sequoia sempervirens,California redwood
sequoia wellingtonia,giant sequoia
sequoiadendron giganteum,giant sequoia
sequoyah,Sequoya
seraglio,harem
serail,harem
serape,sarape
serax,oxazepam
serb,Serbian
serbo-croatian,Serbo-Croat
serdica,Sofia
serenade,divertimento
serengeti plain,Serengeti
serenity,repose
serenoa repens,saw palmetto
serf,helot
serfdom,serfhood
serfhood,serfdom
serge koussevitzky,Koussevitzky
sergeant,police sergeant
sergeant-at-law,serjeant-at-law
sergeant at arms,serjeant-at-arms
sergeant first class,first sergeant
sergeant fish,cobia
sergeant major,command sergeant major
sergei aleksandrovich koussevitzky,Koussevitzky
sergei diaghilev,Diaghilev
sergei eisenstein,Eisenstein
sergei mikhailovich eisenstein,Eisenstein
sergei pavlovich diaghilev,Diaghilev
sergei rachmaninoff,Rachmaninoff
sergei rachmaninov,Rachmaninoff
sergei sergeyevich prokofiev,Prokofiev
sergei vasilievich rachmaninoff,Rachmaninoff
sergei vasilievich rachmaninov,Rachmaninoff
serial killer,serial murderer
serial murderer,serial killer
serial music,serialism
serial operation,sequential operation
serial printer,character printer
serial publication,series
serialisation,serialization
serialism,serial music
serialization,serialisation
sericea lespedeza,Lespedeza sericea
sericterium,silk gland
serictery,silk gland
seriema,chunga
series,serial
serif,seriph
serigraph,silkscreen
serinus canaria,common canary
seriocomedy,tragicomedy
seriola dorsalis,yellowtail
seriola grandis,kingfish
seriola zonata,rudderfish
serious-mindedness,seriousness
serious music,classical music
seriousness,earnestness
seriph,serif
seriphidium canum,silver sage
seriphidium maritimum,sea wormwood
seriphidium tridentatum,big sagebrush
seriphus politus,white croaker
serjeant,serjeant-at-law
serjeant-at-arms,sergeant at arms
serjeant-at-law,serjeant
sermon,discourse
sermoniser,preacher
sermonizer,preacher
serosa,serous membrane
serotine,European brown bat
serotonin,5-hydroxytryptamine
serous membrane,serosa
serpasil,reserpine
serpent,snake
serpent-worship,ophiolatry
serpent fern,golden polypody
serpent star,brittle star
serranid,serranid fish
serranid fish,serranid
serranus subligarius,belted sandfish
serrated wrack,Fucus serratus
serratia,genus Serratia
serratula tinctoria,sawwort
serratus,serratus muscles
serratus anterior,anterior serratus muscle
serratus magnus,anterior serratus muscle
serratus muscles,serratus
serratus posterior,posterior serratus muscle
sertoli's cell,Sertoli cell
sertraline,Zoloft
serum,blood serum
serum disease,serum sickness
serum hepatitis,hepatitis B
serum sickness,serum disease
serval,Felis serval
servant,retainer
servant's entrance,service door
servant girl,serving girl
serve,service
server,waiter
service,religious service
service abroad,sea-duty
service agency,service bureau
service bureau,service agency
service cap,kepi
service ceiling,combat ceiling
service charge,service fee
service department,garage
service door,service entrance
service elevator,freight elevator
service entrance,service door
service fee,service charge
service firm,service agency
service line,baseline
service man,repairman
service of process,service
service program,utility program
service road,frontage road
service routine,utility routine
service staff,maintenance staff
service stripe,hashmark
service tree,sorb apple
serviceability,serviceableness
serviceableness,serviceability
serviceberry,Juneberry
serviceman,military man
services,service
servicing,service
serviette,napkin
servility,obsequiousness
serving,helping
serving girl,servant girl
servomechanism,servo
servosystem,servo
serzone,nefazodone
sesame,benne
sesame family,Pedaliaceae
sesame seed,benniseed
sesamoid,sesamoid bone
sesamoid bone,sesamoid
sesamum indicum,sesame
sesbania exaltata,Colorado River hemp
sesbania grandiflora,scarlet wisteria tree
sesquipedalia,sesquipedalian
sess,pot
sessile trillium,red trillium
session,school term
sestet,six
set-back,setoff
set chisel,cold chisel
set gun,spring gun
set phrase,idiom
setaria glauca,yellow bristlegrass
setaria italica,foxtail millet
setaria italica rubrofructa,Siberian millet
setaria italica stramineofructa,German millet
setaria viridis,green bristlegrass
setback,reverse
seth thomas,Thomas
setline,trawl
setoff,set-back
setophaga ruticilla,American redstart
setswana,Tswana
sett,cobble
settee,settle
setter,compositor
setterwort,stinking hellebore
setting,scene
setting hen,brood hen
settle,settee
settlement,colony
settler,colonist
settling,subsiding
settlings,dregs
settlor,trustor
setup,apparatus
sevastopol,Sebastopol
seven-spot,seven
seven-up,old sledge
seven iron,mashie niblick
seven wonders of the world,Seven Wonders of the Ancient World
sevener,seven
sevens,fantan
sevensome,septet
seventeen-year locust,periodical cicada
seventh cranial nerve,facial
seventh heaven,bliss
seventies,1970s
severalty,discreteness
severance,rupture
severe acute respiratory syndrome,SARS
severe combined immunodeficiency,severe combined immunodeficiency disease
severe combined immunodeficiency disease,severe combined immunodeficiency
severeness,badness
severing,severance
severity,badness
severn river,Severn
severo ochoa,Ochoa
seville,Sevilla
seville orange,sour orange
sewage,sewerage
sewage disposal plant,disposal plant
sewage system,sewer system
sewage works,sewage system
sewellel,mountain beaver
sewer,sewerage
sewer line,sewer main
sewer main,sewer line
sewer system,sewage system
sewer water,effluent
sewerage,sewage
sewing,stitching
sewing-machine stitch,machine stitch
sewing needle,dragonfly
sewing stitch,embroidery stitch
sex,sexual activity
sex-change operation,transsexual surgery
sex act,sexual intercourse
sex activity,sexual activity
sex appeal,desirability
sex bomb,sex kitten
sex cell,reproductive cell
sex character,sex characteristic
sex characteristic,sexual characteristic
sex crime,sexual assault
sex gland,gonad
sex hormone,steroid hormone
sex kitten,sexpot
sex offense,sexual assault
sex organ,reproductive organ
sex segregation,purdah
sexadecimal notation,hexadecimal notation
sexadecimal number system,hexadecimal number system
sexiness,amorousness
sexlessness,asexuality
sexpot,sex kitten
sextet,sextette
sextette,sextet
sextuplet,six
sexual abstention,chastity
sexual abuse,sexual assault
sexual activity,sexual practice
sexual assault,sexual abuse
sexual characteristic,sex characteristic
sexual climax,orgasm
sexual congress,sexual intercourse
sexual conquest,score
sexual desire,eros
sexual intercourse,intercourse
sexual inversion,inversion
sexual love,love
sexual morality,virtue
sexual perversion,perversion
sexual practice,sexual activity
sexual relation,sexual intercourse
sexual reproduction,amphimixis
sexual union,coupling
sexual urge,sex
sexuality,sex
sexually transmitted disease,venereal disease
seychelles islands,Seychelles
seyhan river,Seyhan
sezession,secession
sg,seaborgium
sga infant,small-for-gestational-age infant
sgml,standard generalized markup language
shaaban,Sha'ban
shabbiness,seediness
shabu,methamphetamine
shabuoth,Shavous
shack,hovel
shackle,bond
shad-flower,whitlow grass
shadberry,saskatoon
shadblow,Juneberry
shadbush,Juneberry
shaddock,pomelo
shade,shadiness
shades,sunglasses
shadflower,whitlow grass
shadfly,mayfly
shadiness,shade
shading,blending
shadow,darkness
shadow play,galanty show
shadow show,galanty show
shadower,tail
shadowgraph,radiogram
shadowiness,shade
shadowing,tailing
shaft,shot
shaft louse,chicken louse
shaft of light,beam
shag,fuck
shagbark,shagbark hickory
shagbark hickory,shagbark
shaggy cap,shaggymane
shaggymane,shaggy cap
shaggymane mushroom,shaggymane
shah of iran,Shah
shah pahlavi,Pahlavi
shaitan,shaytan
shake,shingle
shake-up,reorganization
shaker,mover and shaker
shakeup,reorganization
shakiness,shaking
shaking,shakiness
shaking palsy,paralysis agitans
shako,bearskin
shakspere,Shakespeare
shall-flower,shellflower
shallon,salal
shallot,eschalot
shallowness,superficiality
shallu,Sorghum vulgare rosburghii
shalom asch,Asch
shalwar,salwar
shaman,priest-doctor
shamanism,Asian shamanism
shamble,shambling
shambles,abattoir
shambling,shamble
shame,disgrace
shame plant,sensitive plant
shamefacedness,sheepishness
shamefulness,disgracefulness
shamelessness,brazenness
shamisen,samisen
shammer,malingerer
shammy,chamois
shammy leather,chamois
shamrock,white clover
shamrock pea,Parochetus communis
shamus,private detective
shan,Tai Long
shandy,shandygaff
shandygaff,shandy
shang dynasty,Shang
shanghai dialect,Wu
shanghaier,seizer
shangri-la,Eden
shank,stem
shank's mare,shanks' mare
shank's pony,shank's mare
shanks' mare,shank's mare
shanks' pony,shank's mare
shanny,Blennius pholis
shanty,hovel
shape,form
shapeliness,curvaceousness
shaper,maker
shaping machine,shaper
shard,sherd
share,portion
share-out,sharing
sharecrop farmer,sharecropper
sharecropper,cropper
shareholder,stockholder
shareowner,stockholder
sharer,partaker
shari river,Shari
sharia,shariah
sharia law,shariah
shariah,shariah law
shariah law,shariah
shark-liver oil,shark oil
shark oil,shark-liver oil
shark repellent,porcupine provision
sharksucker,Echeneis naucrates
sharp-sightedness,acuity
sharp-tailed grouse,sprigtail
sharper,cardsharp
sharpie,eager beaver
sharpness,acuteness
sharpshooter,marksman
sharptail mola,Mola lanceolata
sharpy,eager beaver
shasta daisy,Leucanthemum superbum
shatterproof glass,safety glass
shave,shaving
shaver,child
shaving,shave
shaving-brush tree,Pseudobombax ellipticum
shaving cream,shaving soap
shaving soap,shaving cream
shavuot,Shavous
shavuoth,Shavous
shawnee salad,Virginia waterleaf
shawny,Virginia waterleaf
shay,chaise
shaytan,shaitan
she-goat,nanny
sheaf,bundle
shears,shear
sheatfish,European catfish
sheath,case
sheath knife,case knife
sheath pile,sheet pile
sheathing,overlay
shedder,spiller
shedding,sloughing
sheen,shininess
sheep's fescue,sheep fescue
sheep's sorrel,sheep sorrel
sheep-tick,sheep ked
sheep botfly,sheep gadfly
sheep dog,shepherd dog
sheep fescue,sheep's fescue
sheep gadfly,sheep botfly
sheep ked,sheep-tick
sheep laurel,pig laurel
sheep pen,fold
sheep plant,vegetable sheep
sheep polypore,Albatrellus ovinus
sheep rot,black disease
sheep sorrel,sheep's sorrel
sheep tick,sheep ked
sheepcote,fold
sheepdog,shepherd dog
sheepfold,fold
sheepherder,shepherd
sheepishness,shamefacedness
sheepman,sheepherder
sheeprun,sheepwalk
sheepshead,Archosargus probatocephalus
sheepshead porgy,Calamus penna
sheepskin,fleece
sheepskin coat,afghan
sheepwalk,sheeprun
sheesha,hookah
sheet,piece of paper
sheet anchor,waist anchor
sheet bend,becket bend
sheet glass,plate glass
sheet of paper,sheet
sheet pile,sheath pile
sheet piling,sheet pile
sheik,tribal sheik
sheika,sheikha
sheikdom,sheikhdom
sheikh,sheik
sheikha,sheika
sheikhdom,sheikdom
shekels,boodle
shel silverstein,Silverstein
shelby silverstein,Silverstein
sheldrake,merganser
shelf,ledge
shelf fungus,bracket fungus
shelf ice,ice shelf
shell,carapace
shell-flower,shellflower
shell bean,shell bean plant
shell bean plant,shell bean
shell collecting,conchology
shell corporation,shell entity
shell entity,shell corporation
shell game,thimblerig
shell ginger,shellflower
shell jacket,mess jacket
shell parakeet,budgerigar
shell shock,battle fatigue
shellac,shellac varnish
shellac varnish,shellac
shellac wax,lac wax
shellbark,shagbark
shellbark hickory,shagbark
shellfish,mollusk
shellflower,shell-flower
shelling,barrage
shelter,protection
shelter deck,weather deck
shelter tent,pup tent
shelterbelt,windbreak
shelton jackson lee,Lee
shemozzle,schemozzle
shenanigan,mischief
shepherd,sheepherder
shepherd's clock,meadow salsify
shepherd's crook,crook
shepherd's pipe,musette
shepherd's pouch,shepherd's purse
shepherd's purse,shepherd's pouch
shepherd dog,sheepdog
sherbert,sherbet
sherbet,sherbert
sherd,shard
sheriff's sale,execution sale
sherlock,private detective
sherwood anderson,Anderson
shetland islands,Shetland
shetland sheep dog,Shetland sheepdog
shevat,Shebat
shf,superhigh frequency
shi'ite,Shiite
shi'ite muslim,Shiite
shia,Shiah
shia muslim,Shiite
shiah islam,Shiah
shiatsu,acupressure
shibah,shiva
shibboleth,motto
shield,buckler
shield fern,buckler fern
shield of david,Star of David
shielder,defender
shift,displacement
shift key,shift
shifter,sceneshifter
shiftiness,rascality
shiga bacillus,Shigella dysentariae
shigella dysentariae,shiga bacillus
shigellosis,bacillary dysentery
shiitake,shiitake mushroom
shiitake mushroom,shiitake
shiite muslim,Shiite
shiksa,shikse
shikse,shiksa
shillalah,shillelagh
shillelagh,shillalah
shilling,Ugandan shilling
shillyshally,procrastination
shimmer,play
shimmy,chemise
shin,shin bone
shin bone,shin
shin guard,shinpad
shinbone,tibia
shindig,shindy
shindy,shindig
shine,radiance
shiner,black eye
shingle,shake
shingle oak,laurel oak
shingle tree,Acrocarpus fraxinifolius
shingles,herpes zoster
shininess,sheen
shining clubmoss,Lycopodium lucidulum
shining sumac,dwarf sumac
shining willow,Salix lucida
shinleaf,wild lily of the valley
shinney,shinny
shinny,shinney
shinpad,shin guard
shintoism,Shinto
shiny lyonia,fetterbush
ship's bell,bell
ship's boat,tender
ship's company,company
ship's galley,galley
ship's officer,officer
ship biscuit,hardtack
ship builder,shipwright
ship building,shipbuilding
ship canal,shipway
ship of the line,man-of-war
ship route,seaway
shipboard duty,sea-duty
shipboard soldier,Marine
shipbuilder,shipwright
shipbuilding,ship building
shipload,boatload
shipment,cargo
shipping,transportation
shipping articles,articles of agreement
shipping fever,shipping pneumonia
shipping pneumonia,shipping fever
shipway,ways
shipworm,teredinid
shipwreck,wreck
shipwreck survivor,castaway
shipwright,shipbuilder
shire,shire horse
shire horse,shire
shire town,county town
shirker,slacker
shirking,slacking
shirley temple,Black
shirley temple black,Black
shirred egg,baked egg
shirtfront,dickey
shirtlifter,gay man
shirtsleeves,shirtsleeve
shirtwaist,shirtwaister
shirtwaister,shirtwaist
shish kebab,kabob
shisha,hookah
shit,crap
shite,crap
shithead,dunce
shitlist,blacklist
shittah,shittah tree
shittah tree,shittah
shitter,defecator
shittim,southern buckthorn
shittimwood,false buckthorn
shitting,defecation
shitwork,scut work
shiva,shivah
shivah,shiva
shivaree,chivaree
shiver,tremble
shlemiel,schlemiel
shlep,schlepper
shlepper,schlepper
shlimazel,schlimazel
shlock,schlock
shlockmeister,schlockmeister
shmaltz,schmaltz
shmear,schmeer
shmegegge,schmegegge
shmo,schmuck
shmuck,schmuck
shnook,schnook
shnorrer,schnorrer
shoal,shallow
shoat,piglet
shock,daze
shock absorber,shock
shock therapy,shock treatment
shock treatment,shock therapy
shock wave,blast wave
shoddiness,trashiness
shoe,horseshoe
shoe-shop,shoe shop
shoe black,China rose
shoe collar,collar
shoe lace,shoelace
shoe polish,blacking
shoe repairing,shoemaking
shoe shop,shoe-shop
shoe store,shoe shop
shoe string,shoestring
shoebill,shoebird
shoebird,shoebill
shoeblack,bootblack
shoeblack plant,China rose
shoelace,shoe lace
shoemaker,cobbler
shoemaker's last,last
shoemaking,shoe repairing
shoes,place
shoestring,shoelace
shofar,shophar
shogunate,dictatorship
sholem asch,Asch
sholom asch,Asch
shoo-in,runaway
shoo fly,apple of Peru
shooter,taw
shooting,shot
shooting box,shooting lodge
shooting gallery,shooting range
shooting iron,pistol
shooting lodge,shooting box
shooting range,shooting gallery
shooting star,meteor
shootout,gunfight
shop,store
shop assistant,salesclerk
shop class,shop
shop clerk,salesclerk
shop mechanic,machinist
shop steward,steward
shop window,display window
shopfront,storefront
shophar,shofar
shopkeeper,tradesman
shoplifter,booster
shoplifting,shrinkage
shopping center,plaza
shopping centre,plaza
shopping list,grocery list
shopping mall,plaza
shopwalker,floorwalker
shopwindow,display window
shore,shoring
shore bird,shorebird
shore leave,liberty
shore pine,lodgepole
shore station,naval installation
shorea teysmanniana,red lauan
shorebird,shore bird
shoring,shore
shoring up,shoring
short-billed marsh wren,sedge wren
short-grass,shortgrass
short-horned grasshopper,acridid
short-leaf pine,shortleaf pine
short-spurred fragrant orchid,Gymnadenia odoratissima
short-stop,stop bath
short-stop bath,stop bath
short-tailed shrew,Blarina brevicauda
short-term memory,STM
short-toed eagle,harrier eagle
short aria,arietta
short bone,os breve
short circuit,short
short gastric artery,arteria gastrica breves
short hundredweight,hundredweight
short letter,note
short list,shortlist
short pants,shorts
short sale,short selling
short selling,short sale
short shrift,summary treatment
short sleep,nap
short temper,irascibility
short ton,ton
short whist,whist
shortage,deficit
shortbread,shortbread cookie
shortbread cookie,shortbread
shortcoming,defect
shortcut,cutoff
shortfall,deficit
shortfin mako,Isurus oxyrhincus
shortgrass,short-grass
shorthand typist,stenographer
shorthorn,Durham
shortia galacifolia,oconee bells
shortleaf pine,short-leaf pine
shortleaf yellow pine,shortleaf pine
shortlist,short list
shortness,truncation
shortness of breath,SOB
shorts,short pants
shortsightedness,myopia
shortstop,short
shorttail weasel,ermine
shoshonean language,Shoshonean
shoshoni,Shoshone
shoshonian,Shoshonean
shoshonian language,Shoshonean
shot glass,jigger
shote,piglet
shotgun,scattergun
shoulder,shoulder joint
shoulder blade,scapula
shoulder board,shoulder mark
shoulder bone,scapula
shoulder girdle,pectoral arch
shoulder joint,shoulder
shoulder mark,shoulder board
shoulder strap,strap
shoulder vise,wood vise
shout,cry
shouter,roarer
shouting,cheering
shove-ha'penny,shovel board
shove-halfpenny,shovel board
shovel,shovelful
shovel board,shove-halfpenny
shovelboard,shuffleboard
shoveler,shoveller
shovelful,shovel
shovelhead,bonnethead
shoveller,shoveler
shovelnose catfish,flathead catfish
shover,pusher
show,display
show-off,exhibitionist
show-stopper,showstopper
show bill,show card
show biz,entertainment industry
show business,entertainment industry
show card,show bill
show me state,Missouri
show window,showcase
showcase,show window
showdown,confrontation
shower,shower bath
shower bath,shower stall
shower stall,shower bath
showgirl,chorus girl
showiness,flamboyance
showing,screening
showjumping,stadium jumping
showman,promoter
showpiece,collector's item
showroom,salesroom
showstopper,show-stopper
showtime,beginning
showy daisy,Erigeron speciosus
showy lady's-slipper,common lady's-slipper
showy lady slipper,common lady's-slipper
showy milkweed,Asclepias speciosa
showy orchis,purple orchis
showy sunflower,Helianthus laetiflorus
shred,scintilla
shrew,termagant
shrewdness,astuteness
shrewmouse,shrew
shriek,scream
shrieking,scream
shrillness,stridence
shrimp,runt
shrimp-fish,shrimpfish
shrimp sauce,Nantua
shrimpfish,shrimp-fish
shrink,psychiatrist
shrinkage,shrinking
shrinking,shrinkage
shrinking violet,shy person
shroud,sheet
shrove tuesday,Mardi Gras
shrub,bush
shrubby bittersweet,bittersweet
shrubby penstemon,lowbush penstemon
shtick,shtik
shtickl,shtikl
shtik,shtick
shtikl,shtickl
shtup,fuck
shua,Shuha Shinto
shuck,chaff
shucks,damn
shudder,frisson
shuffle,shuffling
shuffleboard,shovelboard
shuffling,shamble
shumac,sumac
shumard red oak,Shumard oak
shun giku,chop-suey greens
shunning,avoidance
shunt,electrical shunt
shunt circuit,parallel circuit
shutdown,closure
shutout,skunk
shutting,closing
shuttle,shuttlecock
shuttlecock,bird
shuttlecock fern,ostrich fern
shwa,schwa
shy person,shrinking violet
shylock,usurer
shyster,pettifogger
si,silicon
si system,Systeme International d'Unites
si unit,Systeme International d'Unites
sialis lutaria,alderfly
sialolith,salivary calculus
siam,Thailand
siamang,Hylobates syndactylus
siamese connection,siamese
sian,Xian
sib,sibling
siberian crab apple,Siberian crab
sibilant consonant,sibilant
sibilation,hiss
sibine,Somrai
sibling,sib
siccative,desiccant
sichuan,Szechwan
sicilia,Sicily
sicilian mafia,Mafia
sick bag,sickbag
sick benefit,sickness benefit
sick berth,sickbay
sick call,sick parade
sick headache,migraine
sick parade,sick call
sick person,diseased person
sickbag,sick bag
sickbay,sick berth
sickeningness,disgustingness
sickle,reaping hook
sickle-cell anaemia,sickle-cell anemia
sickle-cell anemia,sickle-cell anaemia
sickle-cell disease,sickle-cell anemia
sickle alfalfa,sickle lucerne
sickle lucerne,sickle alfalfa
sickle medick,sickle alfalfa
sicklepod,Senna obtusifolia
sickness,illness
sickness benefit,sick benefit
sid caesar,Caesar
sida hermaphrodita,Virginia mallow
sida rhombifolia,Queensland hemp
sida spinosa,Indian mallow
sidalcea malviflora,checkerbloom
siddhartha,Buddha
side-blotched lizard,sand lizard
side-glance,side-look
side-look,side-glance
side-whiskers,sideburn
side arm,pistol
side chair,straight chair
side dish,side order
side door,side entrance
side drum,snare drum
side effect,fallout
side entrance,side door
side horse,pommel horse
side of bacon,flitch
side of meat,side
side order,side dish
sideboard,buffet
sideburn,burnside
sidekick,buddy
sidelight,running light
sideline,out of bounds
sidereal day,day
siderite,chalybite
sideroblastic anaemia,sideroblastic anemia
sideroblastic anemia,sideroblastic anaemia
siderochrestic anaemia,sideroblastic anemia
siderochrestic anemia,sideroblastic anemia
siderophilin,transferrin
sideslip,skid
sidesplitter,belly laugh
sidetrack,siding
sidewalk,pavement
sidewinder,horned rattlesnake
siding,railroad siding
sidney caesar,Caesar
sidney james webb,Webb
sidney poitier,Poitier
sidney webb,Webb
sidon,Sayda
sidonie-gabrielle claudine colette,Colette
sidonie-gabrielle colette,Colette
sids,sudden infant death syndrome
siege,besieging
siege of orleans,Orleans
siege of syracuse,Syracuse
siege of vicksburg,Vicksburg
siege of yorktown,Yorktown
siemens,mho
sierra,Scomberomorus sierra
sierra nevada mountains,Sierra Nevada
sierra redwood,giant sequoia
sieur de lasalle,LaSalle
sieva bean,butter bean
sieve,screen
sifting,winnow
sigh,suspiration
sight,vision
sight bill,sight draft
sight draft,sight bill
sight gag,visual joke
sightedness,eyesight
sightlessness,blindness
sights,sight
sightseeing,rubber-necking
sightseer,excursionist
sigint,signals intelligence
sigmodon hispidus,cotton rat
sigmoid colon,sigmoid flexure
sigmoid flexure,sigmoid colon
sigmoid sinus,sinus sigmoideus
sigmoid vein,vena sigmoideus
sigmoidoscope,flexible sigmoidoscope
sigmoidoscopy,flexible sigmoidoscopy
sigmund freud,Freud
sigmund romberg,Romberg
sign language,signing
sign of the zodiac,star sign
signal-to-noise,signal-to-noise ratio
signal-to-noise ratio,signal-to-noise
signal/noise,signal-to-noise ratio
signal/noise ratio,signal-to-noise ratio
signal box,signal tower
signal caller,quarterback
signal detection,detection
signal fire,signal light
signal flag,flag
signal light,signal fire
signal tower,signal box
signaler,signaller
signaling,signal
signalisation,signalization
signalization,signalisation
signaller,signaler
signals intelligence,SIGINT
signatory,signer
signature,touch
signature tune,signature
signboard,sign
signer,signatory
signet ring,seal ring
significance,import
significant digit,significant figure
significant figure,significant digit
significant other,domestic partner
signification,meaning
signified,sense
signifier,form
signing,sign language
signior,signor
signor,signior
signore,signora
signory,seigneury
signpost,guidepost
sigrid undset,Undset
sika,Japanese deer
silage,ensilage
sildenafil,sildenafil citrate
sildenafil citrate,sildenafil
silence,quiet
silencer,muffler
silene,campion
silene acaulis,moss campion
silene caroliniana,wild pink
silene dioica,red campion
silene latifolia,white campion
silene uniflora,bladder campion
silene virginica,fire pink
silene vulgaris,bladder campion
silent movie,silent picture
silent partner,sleeping partner
silent person,dummy
silent picture,silent movie
silents,silent movie
silica,silicon oxide
silicon,Si
silicon chip,chip
silicon dioxide,silica
silicon oxide,silica
silicone,silicone polymer
silicone polymer,silicone
siliqua,silique
silique,siliqua
silk-cotton tree,kapok
silk cotton,kapok
silk gland,serictery
silk grass,mountain rice
silk hat,dress hat
silk screen print,silkscreen
silk stocking,nylons
silk tree,Albizia julibrissin
silk vine,Periploca graeca
silk wood,Jamaican cherry
silkgrass,mountain rice
silkiness,sleekness
silks,silk
silkscreen,silk screen print
silkweed,milkweed
silkwood,Jamaican cherry
silkworm,giant silkworm
silkworm moth,giant silkworm moth
silky anteater,two-toed anteater
silky cornel,silky dogwood
silky dogwood,silky cornel
silky elm,red beech
silky oak,Grevillea robusta
silky pocket mouse,Perognathus flavus
silky tamarin,Leontocebus rosalia
silky terrier,Sydney silky
silky willow,Sitka willow
silky wisteria,Wisteria venusta
sillabub,syllabub
silliness,absurdity
silphium laciniatum,rosinweed
silurian period,Silurian
silurid,silurid fish
silurid fish,silurid
siluriform fish,catfish
silurus glanis,European catfish
silva,sylva
silvanus,Sylvanus
silver-bell tree,silverbell tree
silver-bush,Jupiter's beard
silver-lace,dusty miller
silver-leaved nettle,trompillo
silver-leaved nightshade,trompillo
silver-leaved poplar,white poplar
silver-tip,grizzly
silver-worker,silversmith
silver beech,Nothofagus menziesii
silver berry,Russian olive
silver birch,common birch
silver dollar,cartwheel
silver fern,Pityrogramma calomelanos
silver gray,ash grey
silver grey,ash grey
silver hake,Merluccius bilinearis
silver jenny,Eucinostomus gula
silver lace,dusty miller
silver lace vine,China fleece vine
silver lime,silver linden
silver linden,silver lime
silver lining,bright side
silver maple,Acer saccharinum
silver medal,silver
silver oak,Grevillela parallela
silver perch,mademoiselle
silver pine,westland pine
silver quandong tree,quandong
silver sage,silver sagebrush
silver sagebrush,silver sage
silver salmon,coho salmon
silver screen,screen
silver spoon,old money
silver spruce,Colorado spruce
silver star,Silver Star Medal
silver state,Nevada
silver storm,ice storm
silver thatch,key palm
silver tree,Leucadendron argenteum
silver tree fern,sago fern
silver vine,silvervine
silver wattle,mimosa
silver whiting,Menticirrhus littoralis
silver willow,silky willow
silverbell tree,silver-bell tree
silverberry,silver berry
silverbush,Jupiter's beard
silverfish,Lepisma saccharina
silverleaf nightshade,trompillo
silverrod,Solidago bicolor
silverside,silversides
silversides,silverside
silversmith,silverworker
silversword,Argyroxiphium sandwicense
silvertip,grizzly
silvertop palmetto,key palm
silvervine,silver vine
silverweed,goose-tansy
silverworker,silversmith
silvery spleenwort,Deparia acrostichoides
silvery wormwood,sand sage
silvia atricapilla,blackcap
silybum marianum,milk thistle
simal,red silk-cotton tree
simarouba amara,marupa
simarouba glauca,paradise tree
simchas torah,Shimchath Torah
simchat torah,Shimchath Torah
simhat torah,Shimchath Torah
simhath torah,Shimchath Torah
similarity,law of similarity
similitude,likeness
simmering,boiling
simmpleness,simplicity
simoleons,boodle
simon bolivar,Bolivar
simon de montfort,Montfort
simon kuznets,Kuznets
simon legree,slave driver
simon marks,Marks
simon newcomb,Newcomb
simon peter,Peter
simon the canaanite,Simon
simon the zealot,Simon
simon zelotes,Simon
simone de beauvoir,Beauvoir
simone weil,Weil
simony,barratry
simoom,simoon
simoon,simoom
simple absence,pure absence
simple closed curve,Jordan curve
simple eye,stemma
simple fraction,common fraction
simple fracture,closed fracture
simple fruit,bacca
simple machine,machine
simple microscope,hand glass
simple mindedness,simplicity
simple regression,regression
simple sugar,monosaccharide
simpleness,simplicity
simpleton,simple
simplicity,simpleness
simplification,reduction
simplism,oversimplification
simulacrum,effigy
simulated military operation,maneuver
simulation,computer simulation
simulative electronic deception,electronic simulative deception
simultaneity,simultaneousness
simultaneous operation,parallel operation
simultaneousness,simultaneity
simvastatin,Zocor
sin,sinfulness
sinai desert,Sinai
sinai peninsula,Sinai
sinapis alba,white mustard
sinapis arvensis,field mustard
sinapism,mustard plaster
sinbad,Sinbad the Sailor
sincerity,earnestness
sinclair lewis,Lewis
sine,sin
sine curve,sinusoid
sine qua non,essential condition
sinequan,doxepin
sinew,tendon
sinfulness,sin
sing-kwa,angled loofah
singalong,singsong
singan,Xian
singapore island,Singapore
singe,scorch
singer,vocalist
single-entry bookkeeping,single entry
single-foot,rack
single-leaf,single-leaf pine
single-leaf pine,single-leaf
single-leaf pinyon,single-leaf
single-member system,uninominal system
single-propeller plane,single prop
single-reed instrument,single-reed woodwind
single-reed woodwind,single-reed instrument
single-valued function,function
single cream,light cream
single crochet,single stitch
single dwelling,detached house
single entry,single-entry bookkeeping
single file,file
single nucleotide polymorphism,SNP
single prop,single-propeller plane
single shell,racing skiff
single stitch,single crochet
singleness,straightforwardness
singles,single
singlestick,fencing stick
singlet,vest
singletary pea,Caley pea
singular form,singular
singularity,uniqueness
singultus,hiccup
sinistrality,left-handedness
sinitic language,Sinitic
sink,sinkhole
sinker,doughnut
sinkhole,sink
sinkiang,Xinjiang
sinking,sinking feeling
sinking feeling,sinking
sinlessness,purity
sinner,evildoer
sinningia speciosa,florist's gloxinia
sino-japanese war,Chino-Japanese War
sino-tibetan language,Sino-Tibetan
sinoatrial node,pacemaker
sinoper,sinopis
sinopia,sinopis
sinopis,sinopia
sinuosity,sinuousness
sinuousness,sinuosity
sinus,fistula
sinus cavernosus,cavernous sinus
sinus coronarius,coronary sinus
sinus ethmoidales,ethmoid sinus
sinus paranasales,paranasal sinus
sinus rectus,straight sinus
sinus sigmoideus,sigmoid sinus
sinus transversus,transverse sinus
sinus venosus sclerae,canal of Schlemm
sinusoid,sine curve
sinusoidal projection,Sanson-Flamsteed projection
sion,Zion
siouan language,Siouan
siphon,syphon
sipunculid,peanut worm
sir alan hodgkin,Hodgkin
sir alec guinness,Guinness
sir alexander fleming,Fleming
sir alexander korda,Korda
sir alexander mackenzie,Mackenzie
sir alexander robertus todd,Todd
sir alfred charles bernard lovell,Lovell
sir alfred hitchcock,Hitchcock
sir angus wilson,Wilson
sir anthony hopkins,Hopkins
sir anthony philip hopkins,Hopkins
sir anthony vandyke,Vandyke
sir arthur conan doyle,Conan Doyle
sir arthur john evans,Evans
sir arthur stanley eddington,Eddington
sir arthur sullivan,Sullivan
sir arthur travers harris,Harris
sir bernard law montgomery,Montgomery
sir bernard lovell,Lovell
sir bernard williams,Williams
sir charles leonard woolley,Woolley
sir charles scott sherrington,Sherrington
sir charles spencer chaplin,Chaplin
sir charles wheatstone,Wheatstone
sir charles william siemens,Siemens
sir christopher wren,Wren
sir clive marles sinclair,Sinclair
sir david alexander cecil low,Low
sir david bruce,Bruce
sir david low,Low
sir edmund hillary,Hillary
sir edmund percival hillary,Hillary
sir edward elgar,Elgar
sir edward victor appleton,Appleton
sir edward william elgar,Elgar
sir edwin landseer luytens,Lutyens
sir edwin lutyens,Lutyens
sir ernst boris chain,Chain
sir francis bacon,Bacon
sir francis drake,Drake
sir francis galton,Galton
sir frank whittle,Whittle
sir fred hoyle,Hoyle
sir frederick ashton,Ashton
sir frederick gowland hopkins,Hopkins
sir frederick grant banting,Banting
sir frederick handley page,Page
sir frederick william herschel,Herschel
sir galahad,Galahad
sir gawain,Gawain
sir geoffrey wilkinson,Wilkinson
sir george otto trevelyan,Trevelyan
sir george paget thomson,Thomson
sir geraint,Geraint
sir hans adolf krebs,Krebs
sir harold george nicolson,Nicolson
sir harold walter kroto,Kroto
sir harry maclennan lauder,Lauder
sir henry bessemer,Bessemer
sir henry joseph wood,Wood
sir henry maxmilian beerbohm,Beerbohm
sir henry morgan,Morgan
sir henry morton stanley,Stanley
sir henry percy,Percy
sir henry rider haggard,Haggard
sir henry wood,Wood
sir herbert beerbohm tree,Tree
sir hiram stevens maxim,Maxim
sir howard walter florey,Florey
sir humphrey davy,Davy
sir humphrey gilbert,Gilbert
sir isaac newton,Newton
sir isaac pitman,Pitman
sir jack hobbs,Hobbs
sir jacob epstein,Epstein
sir james augustus henry murray,Murray
sir james augustus murray,Murray
sir james clark ross,Ross
sir james dewar,Dewar
sir james george frazer,Frazer
sir james matthew barrie,Barrie
sir james murray,Murray
sir james paget,Paget
sir james paul mccartney,McCartney
sir james young simpson,Simpson
sir john carew eccles,Eccles
sir john cockcroft,Cockcroft
sir john cowdery kendrew,Kendrew
sir john douglas cockcroft,Cockcroft
sir john everett millais,Millais
sir john falstaff,Falstaff
sir john frederick william herschel,Herschel
sir john gielgud,Gielgud
sir john hawkins,Hawkins
sir john hawkyns,Hawkins
sir john herschel,Herschel
sir john ross,Ross
sir john suckling,Suckling
sir john tenniel,Tenniel
sir john vanbrigh,Vanbrugh
sir joseph banks,Banks
sir joseph john thomson,Thomson
sir joseph paxton,Paxton
sir joshua reynolds,Reynolds
sir karl raimund popper,Popper
sir lancelot,Lancelot
sir laurence kerr olivier,Olivier
sir leonard hutton,Hutton
sir leonard woolley,Woolley
sir leslie stephen,Stephen
sir martin frobisher,Frobisher
sir matthew flinders,Flinders
sir mortimer wheeler,Wheeler
sir noel pierce coward,Coward
sir oliver joseph lodge,Lodge
sir oliver lodge,Lodge
sir patrick manson,Manson
sir paul gavrilovich vinogradoff,Vinogradoff
sir peter brian medawar,Medawar
sir peter paul rubens,Rubens
sir peter ustinov,Ustinov
sir philip sidney,Sidney
sir rabindranath tagore,Tagore
sir ralph david richardson,Richardson
sir rex harrison,Harrison
sir richard burton,Burton
sir richard francis burton,Burton
sir richard owen,Owen
sir richrd steele,Steele
sir robert eric mortimer wheeler,Wheeler
sir robert peel,Peel
sir robert robinson,Robinson
sir robert walpole,Walpole
sir roger gilbert bannister,Bannister
sir ronald ross,Ross
sir sarvepalli radhakrishnan,Radhakrishnan
sir seretse khama,Khama
sir stephen harold spender,Spender
sir terence mervyn rattigan,Rattigan
sir thomas gresham,Gresham
sir thomas lawrence,Lawrence
sir thomas malory,Malory
sir thomas more,More
sir thomas raffles,Raffles
sir thomas stamford raffles,Raffles
sir thomas wyat,Wyatt
sir thomas wyatt,Wyatt
sir tim rice,Rice
sir tom stoppard,Stoppard
sir walter norman haworth,Haworth
sir walter ralegh,Raleigh
sir walter raleigh,Raleigh
sir walter scott,Scott
sir william alexander craigie,Craigie
sir william chambers,Chambers
sir william crookes,Crookes
sir william gerald golding,Golding
sir william gilbert,Gilbert
sir william herschel,Herschel
sir william huggins,Huggins
sir william rowan hamilton,Hamilton
sir william turner walton,Walton
sir william wallace,Wallace
sir william walton,Walton
sir winston leonard spenser churchill,Churchill
sir yehudi menuhin,Menuhin
sirach,Ben Sira
siracusa,Syracuse
sirc,Security Intelligence Review Committee
sire,forefather
siren call,siren song
siren song,siren call
sirenian,sea cow
sirenian mammal,sea cow
siriasis,sunstroke
siris,siris tree
siris tree,siris
sirocco,dust storm
sirup,syrup
sis,sister
sisal,sisal hemp
sisal family,Agavaceae
sisal hemp,sisal
sise,six
sisham,sissoo
siskin,Carduelis spinus
siskiyou lewisia,Lewisia cotyledon
sison amomum,stone parsley
sissiness,effeminacy
sissoo,sissu
sissu,sissoo
sister,sis
sisterhood,sistership
sistership,sisterhood
sistrurus catenatus,massasauga
sistrurus miliaris,ground rattler
sisymbrium barbarea,yellow rocket
sisymbrium officinale,hedge mustard
sisymbrium tanacetifolia,tansy-leaved rocket
sit-down,sit-down strike
sit-down strike,sit-down
sitcom,situation comedy
site,land site
sitophylus oryzae,rice weevil
sitotroga cerealella,angoumois moth
sitsang,Tibet
sitta canadensis,red-breasted nuthatch
sitta carolinensis,white-breasted nuthatch
sitta europaea,European nuthatch
sitting duck,easy mark
sitting room,living room
situation,state of affairs
situation comedy,sitcom
sitz bath,hip bath
sium latifolium,greater water parsnip
sium sisarum,skirret
sium suave,water parsnip
sivaism,Shivaism
siwan,Sivan
six-day war,Arab-Israeli War
six-gilled shark,cow shark
six-gun,revolver
six-lined racerunner,racerunner
six-pack,six pack
six-shooter,revolver
six-spot,six
six day war,Arab-Israeli War
six nations,Iroquois League
six pack,six-pack
sixer,six
sixpack,six-pack
sixpence,tanner
sixsome,sextet
sixteenth note,semiquaver
sixteenth part,one-sixteenth
sixth baron byron of rochdale,Byron
sixth cranial nerve,abducent
sixth sense,insight
sixties,1960s
sixty-fourth note,hemidemisemiquaver
size of it,size
sizeableness,enormousness
sizing,size
sjaelland,Zealand
sk-ampicillin,ampicillin
skag,big H
skagerak,Skagerrak
skank,filth
skating rink,rink
skaw,Skagens Odde
skeen arch,skene arch
skeet,skeet shooting
skeet shooting,skeet
skeeter hawk,dragonfly
skeletal frame,skeleton
skeletal muscle,striated muscle
skeletal system,skeleton
skeleton,skeleton in the closet
skeleton fork fern,Psilotum nudum
skeleton in the closet,skeleton
skeleton in the cupboard,skeleton
skene arch,skeen arch
skeptic,sceptic
skepticism,incredulity
sketch,study
sketch block,sketchbook
sketch pad,sketchbook
sketchbook,sketch block
skew correlation,curvilinear correlation
skewness,lopsidedness
ski binding,binding
ski cap,stocking cap
ski jacket,ski parka
ski lift,ski tow
ski parka,ski jacket
ski race,skiing race
ski run,ski trail
ski tow,ski lift
ski trail,ski run
skiagram,radiogram
skiagraph,radiogram
skiagraphy,radiography
skid,brake shoe
skidder,slider
skiing race,ski race
skill,accomplishment
skilled worker,trained worker
skilled workman,skilled worker
skillet,frying pan
skillet bread,fry bread
skillet cake,upside-down cake
skillet fish,skilletfish
skilletfish,skillet fish
skim milk,skimmed milk
skimmed milk,skim milk
skimmer,boater
skimming,skim
skin,tegument
skin-dive,skin diving
skin-diver,aquanaut
skin and bones,thin person
skin care,skincare
skin color,complexion
skin colour,complexion
skin disease,disease of the skin
skin disorder,skin disease
skin diving,skin-dive
skin doctor,dermatologist
skin eruption,exanthem
skin patch,transdermal patch
skin perceptiveness,tactual sensation
skin rash,rash
skin sensation,cutaneous sensation
skin senses,touch
skin tumor,acanthoma
skincare,skin care
skinflint,niggard
skinheads,bootboys
skink,scincid
skinniness,scrawniness
skip,omission
skip rope,jump rope
skipjack,skipjack tuna
skipjack tuna,skipjack
skipper,master
skipping rope,jump rope
skirmish,brush
skirret,Sium sisarum
skirt,annulus
skirt chaser,wolf
skirting board,baseboard
skittishness,restiveness
skittle,ninepin
skittle alley,bowling alley
skittle ball,ninepin ball
skittle pin,ninepin
skittles,ninepins
skivvy,slavey
skoplje,Skopje
skua,bonxie
skulduggery,trickery
skulker,malingerer
skulking,malingering
skull practice,skull session
skull session,skull practice
skullcap,helmetflower
skullduggery,trickery
skunk,rotter
skunk-weed,skunkweed
skunk bear,wolverine
skunk cabbage,polecat weed
skunkbush,squawbush
skunkweed,skunk-weed
sky marshal,air marshal
sky pilot,military chaplain
skylark,Alauda arvensis
skylight,fanlight
skyline,horizon
skyrocket,rocket
skyway,air lane
sl,Shining Path
slack tide,slack water
slack water,slack
slackening,relaxation
slacker,shirker
slacking,shirking
slackness,inanition
slacks,slack
slag,scoria
slag code,logic bomb
slaked lime,calcium hydroxide
slam,sweep
slam dance,slam dancing
slam dancing,slam dance
slammer,jail
slander,aspersion
slanderer,defamer
slang,slang expression
slang expression,slang
slang term,slang
slant,angle
slant-eye,gook
slapper,spanker
slash,cut
slask,Silesia
slat,spline
slate,slating
slate-colored junco,dark-eyed junco
slater,woodlouse
slating,slate
slattern,streetwalker
slatternliness,sluttishness
slaughter,thrashing
slaughterer,butcher
slaughterhouse,abattoir
slave,striver
slave-maker,slave-making ant
slave-making ant,slave-maker
slave dealer,slaver
slave driver,Simon Legree
slave owner,slaveholder
slave trade,slave traffic
slave trader,slaver
slave traffic,slave trade
slaveholder,slave owner
slaver,slave dealer
slavery,bondage
slavey,skivvy
slavic language,Slavic
slavic race,Slavic people
slavonic language,Slavic
slaw,coleslaw
slayer,killer
slaying,murder
sle,systemic lupus erythematosus
sleaze,cheapness
sleaziness,shabbiness
sled,sledge
sled dog,sledge dog
sledding,going
sledge,sled
sledge dog,sled dog
sledgehammer,maul
sleekness,silkiness
sleep,slumber
sleep-learning,hypnopedia
sleep talking,somniloquy
sleep terror disorder,pavor nocturnus
sleeper,slumberer
sleeper goby,sleeper
sleepiness,drowsiness
sleeping accommodation,bedroom
sleeping around,promiscuity
sleeping capsule,sleeping pill
sleeping car,sleeper
sleeping draught,sleeping pill
sleeping hibiscus,waxmallow
sleeping partner,silent partner
sleeping pill,sleeping tablet
sleeping room,bedroom
sleeping sickness,sleepy sickness
sleeping tablet,sleeping pill
sleepless person,insomniac
sleeplessness,wakefulness
sleepwalker,somnambulist
sleepwalking,somnambulism
sleepwear,nightwear
sleepy dick,starflower
sleepy sickness,sleeping sickness
sleeve,arm
sleigh,sled
sleigh bell,cascabel
sleight,dexterity
sleight of hand,prestidigitation
slender-tailed meerkat,Suricata suricatta
slender lady palm,reed rhapis
slender loris,Loris gracilis
slender rush,Juncus tenuis
slender salamander,worm salamander
slender spike rush,needle spike rush
slender wheatgrass,Agropyron trachycaulum
slender wild oat,Avena barbata
slenderness,thinness
sleuth,sleuthhound
sleuthhound,sleuth
sleuthing,detection
slew,batch
slews,tons
slezsko,Silesia
slice,piece
slicing,slice
slick magazine,slick
slicker,oilskin
slickness,trickery
slide,microscope slide
slide action,pump action
slide fastener,zip
slide rule,slipstick
slider,skidder
slideway,chute
sliding board,slide
sliding keel,centerboard
slightness,pettiness
slim chance,fat chance
slime,sludge
slime bacteria,myxobacteria
slime eels,hagfish
slime mold,slime mould
slime mould,slime mold
sliminess,loathsomeness
slimness,narrow margin
sling,slingshot
slingback,sling
slingshot,sling
slip,faux pas
slip-up,slip
slip carriage,slip coach
slip clutch,slip friction clutch
slip coach,slip carriage
slip friction clutch,slip clutch
slip noose,noose
slip of paper,slip
slip road,access road
slipover,pullover
slipped disc,herniated disc
slipper,carpet slipper
slipper orchid,lady's slipper
slipper plant,slipper spurge
slipper spurge,slipper plant
slipperiness,slickness
slipperwort,calceolaria
slippery dick,Halicoeres bivittatus
slippery elm,red elm
slipstick,slide rule
slipstream,airstream
slipway,ways
slit,cunt
sliver,splinter
slo-bid,theophylline
sloanea jamaicensis,breakax
slob,sloven
slobber,drool
slobberer,dribbler
sloe,Allegheny plum
slogan,motto
slogger,trudger
slop,slops
slop-seller,slopseller
slop basin,slop bowl
slop bowl,slop basin
slop jar,slop pail
slop pail,slop jar
slope,incline
sloping trough,chute
sloppiness,wateriness
slops,slop
slopseller,slop-seller
slopseller's shop,slopshop
slopshop,slopseller's shop
slot,time slot
slot machine,coin machine
sloth,slothfulness
sloth bear,Melursus ursinus
slothfulness,sloth
slouch hat,cavalier hat
slough,gangrene
slough grass,prairie cordgrass
sloughing,shedding
slovak republic,Slovakia
sloven,slob
slovenija,Slovenia
slovenliness,sloppiness
slovenly person,slob
slovenly woman,slattern
slow-wittedness,denseness
slow loris,Nycticebus tardigradua
slow time scale,extended time scale
slowcoach,plodder
slowdown,lag
slowing,deceleration
slowness,awkwardness
slowpoke,plodder
slowworm,blindworm
sls,sodium lauryl sulphate
slub,knot
sludge,slime
slug,bullet
slugabed,lie-abed
slugfest,fistfight
sluggard,slug
slugger,batter
sluggishness,lethargy
sluice,sluiceway
sluice valve,sluicegate
sluicegate,sluice valve
sluiceway,sluice
slum,slum area
slum area,slum
slumber,sleep
slumberer,sleeper
slump,slack
slur,aspersion
slut,slattern
sluttishness,slatternliness
sluzhba vneshney razvedki,Foreign Intelligence Service
slyboots,dodger
slyness,craft
sm,samarium
smacking,smack
small-arm,firearm
small-for-gestational-age infant,SGA infant
small-leaved lime,small-leaved linden
small-leaved linden,small-leaved lime
small beer,triviality
small calorie,calorie
small cane,switch cane
small cap,small capital
small capital,small cap
small cell carcinoma,oat cell carcinoma
small change,chickenfeed
small civet,Viverricula indica
small computer system interface,SCSI
small cranberry,European cranberry
small fry,pip-squeak
small indefinite amount,small indefinite quantity
small indefinite quantity,small indefinite amount
small letter,lowercase
small loan company,consumer finance company
small print,fine print
small slam,little slam
small talk,chitchat
small town,village
small voice,wee small voice
small white,Pieris rapae
smaller pectoral muscle,pectoralis minor
smalleye hammerhead,Sphyrna tudes
smallmouth,smallmouth bass
smallmouth bass,smallmouth
smallmouth black bass,smallmouth
smallmouthed bass,smallmouth
smallmouthed black bass,smallmouth
smallness,littleness
smallpox,variola
smallpox virus,variola virus
smalltooth sawfish,Pristis pectinatus
smarm,unction
smarminess,fulsomeness
smart aleck,wise guy
smart money,punitive damages
smart set,society
smarting,smart
smartness,smart
smash-up,smash
smash hit,blockbuster
smasher,stunner
smattering,handful
smear,vilification
smear test,Pap test
smell,odor
smelter,smeltery
smeltery,smelter
smew,Mergus albellus
smidge,shred
smidgen,shred
smidgeon,shred
smidgin,shred
smilax aspera,rough bindweed
smilax rotundifolia,bullbrier
smile,smiling
smiler,countenance
smilo,smilo grass
smilo grass,smilo
smirch,smudge
smithy,forge
smitty stevens,Stevens
smock,duster
smog,smogginess
smogginess,smog
smoke,fume
smoke alarm,fire alarm
smoke bomb,smoke grenade
smoke bush,smoke tree
smoke grenade,smoke bomb
smoke screen,smokescreen
smoke tree,smoke bush
smoked haddock,finnan haddie
smoked herring,red herring
smokehouse,meat house
smokeless powder,Ballistite
smoker,tobacco user
smokescreen,smoke screen
smokestack,stack
smoking car,smoker
smoking carriage,smoker
smoking compartment,smoker
smoking jacket,lounging jacket
smoky quartz,cairngorm
smolder,smoulder
smooch,smack
smooching,caressing
smooth-leaved elm,European field elm
smooth alder,hazel alder
smooth bark kauri,dundathu pine
smooth crabgrass,Digitaria ischaemum
smooth darling pea,Swainsona galegifolia
smooth earthball,Scleroderma bovista
smooth green snake,Opheodrys vernalis
smooth hammerhead,Sphyrna zygaena
smooth lip fern,Alabama lip fern
smooth muscle,involuntary muscle
smooth plane,smoothing plane
smooth softshell,Trionyx muticus
smooth sumac,scarlet sumac
smooth woodsia,Woodsia glabella
smoother,drum sander
smoothhound,smoothhound shark
smoothhound shark,smoothhound
smoothie,smoothy
smoothing iron,iron
smoothing plane,smooth plane
smoothness,eloquence
smoothy,smoothie
smorgasbord,assortment
smother,clutter
smotherer,stifler
smoulder,smolder
smsgt,senior master sergeant
smudge,spot
smuggler,runner
smut,carbon black
smut fungus,smut
smut grass,blackseed
smuttiness,sootiness
smyrna,Izmir
smyrnium olusatrum,Alexander
sn,tin
snack,bite
snack bar,snack counter
snack counter,snack bar
snacker,nosher
snaffle,snaffle bit
snaffle bit,snaffle
snag,rip
snail,escargot
snail-flower,snailflower
snail bean,snailflower
snail darter,Percina tanasi
snail flower,snailflower
snailfish,seasnail
snailflower,snail-flower
snake,serpent
snake's head fritillary,guinea-hen flower
snake-fish,lizardfish
snake-head,shellflower
snake-rail fence,worm fence
snake doctor,dragonfly
snake eyes,craps
snake feeder,dragonfly
snake fence,worm fence
snake fern,climbing maidenhair
snake god,zombi
snake in the grass,snake
snake mackerel,Gempylus serpens
snake muishond,Poecilogale albinucha
snake oil,humbug
snake palm,devil's tongue
snake pit,hell
snake plant,mother-in-law's tongue
snake polypody,Microgramma-piloselloides
snake river,Snake
snake wood,trumpetwood
snakeberry,red baneberry
snakebird,anhinga
snakeblenny,Lumpenus lumpretaeformis
snakefish,lizardfish
snakehead,shellflower
snakeroot,sanicle
snakeweed,rabbitweed
snakewood,Rauwolfia serpentina
snap,catch
snap bean,snap
snap fastener,snap
snap line,chalk line
snap pea,sugar snap pea
snap ring,carabiner
snap willow,crack willow
snapline,chalk line
snapper,center
snapping beetle,click beetle
snapping shrimp,pistol shrimp
snappishness,temper
snapshot,snap
snare,trap
snare drum,snare
snarl,tangle
snarl-up,traffic jam
snatch,bit
snatcher,kidnapper
sneak thief,pilferer
sneaker,gym shoe
sneakiness,furtiveness
sneer,leer
sneerer,scorner
sneeze,sneezing
sneezeweed yarrow,sneezewort
sneezewort,sneezeweed yarrow
sneezing,sneeze
snick,notch
snicker,snort
snickersnee,knife fight
sniff,snuff
sniffle,snuffle
sniffler,sniveler
snifter,brandy snifter
snigger,snicker
snip,snippet
snipefish,bellows fish
sniper rifle,precision rifle
snippet,snip
snipping,snip
snips,tinsnips
snitch,fink
snitcher,sneak thief
snivel,sniveling
sniveler,sniffler
sniveling,snivel
sniveller,whiner
snob,prig
snobbery,snobbism
snobbishness,snobbery
snobbism,snobbery
snoek,barracouta
snooker table,pool table
snoop,snooper
snooper,snoop
snoopiness,nosiness
snoot,snob
snooze,nap
snore,snoring
snoring,snore
snorkel,schnorkel
snorkel breather,snorkel
snorkel diving,snorkeling
snorkeling,snorkel diving
snort,snicker
snorting,puffing
snot,snob
snout,neb
snow,snowfall
snow-blindness,snowblindness
snow-in-summer,snow-on-the-mountain
snow-on-the-mountain,snow-in-summer
snow bank,snowbank
snow blower,snow thrower
snow bunting,snowbird
snow chain,tire chain
snow eater,chinook
snow flurry,flurry
snow gum,ghost gum
snow leopard,ounce
snow lily,glacier lily
snow mist,ice crystal
snow mushroom,Tremella fuciformis
snow orchid,phantom orchid
snow pea,sugar pea
snow plant,Sarcodes sanguinea
snow thrower,snow blower
snow trillium,dwarf-white trillium
snowball,sweet sand verbena
snowbank,snow bank
snowbell,Styrax obassia
snowberry,common snowberry
snowbird,fieldfare
snowblindness,snow-blindness
snowdrop,wood anemone
snowdrop anemone,snowdrop windflower
snowdrop tree,silver-bell tree
snowdrop windflower,snowdrop anemone
snowfall,snow
snowflake,flake
snowplough,snowplow
snowplow,snowplough
snowshoe hare,snowshoe rabbit
snowshoe rabbit,snowshoe hare
snowstorm,blizzard
snowy egret,snowy heron
snowy heron,snowy egret
snowy orchid,Habenaria nivea
snowy tree cricket,Oecanthus fultoni
snp,single nucleotide polymorphism
snuff-color,snuff-colour
snuff-colour,snuff-color
snuff user,snuffer
snuffbox fern,meadow fern
snuffer,snuff user
snuffers,snuffer
snuffle,sniffle
snuggery,cubby
snuggle,cuddle
snuggling,caressing
snugness,coziness
so-and-so,rotter
so long,adieu
soak,soakage
soakage,soak
soaker,downpour
soaking up,absorption
soap,scoop
soap-rock,soapstone
soap-weed,soapweed
soap powder,built-soap powder
soap tree,soapweed
soapberry,soapberry tree
soapberry family,Sapindaceae
soapberry tree,soapberry
soapbox,dais
soaprock,soapstone
soapstone,soaprock
soapsuds,suds
soapweed,soap-weed
soapwort,hedge pink
soapwort gentian,Gentiana saponaria
soar,zoom
sob,shortness of breath
sob story,sob stuff
sob stuff,sob story
sobbing,sob
soberness,sobriety
sobriety,soberness
sobriquet,nickname
soccer,association football
sociability,sociableness
sociableness,sociability
social affair,social gathering
social anthropologist,cultural anthropologist
social anthropology,cultural anthropology
social assistance,supplementary benefit
social class,class
social climber,climber
social club,club
social dancer,dancer
social disease,venereal disease
social drinker,tippler
social function,affair
social gathering,social affair
social intercourse,intercourse
social lion,lion
social movement,movement
social occasion,affair
social organisation,social organization
social organization,social organisation
social rank,social station
social reformer,reformer
social service,welfare work
social station,social status
social status,social station
social stratification,stratification
social structure,social organization
social system,social organization
social unit,unit
social welfare,welfare
social worker,caseworker
socialisation,socialization
socialiser,socializer
socialising,socialization
socialism,socialist economy
socialist economy,socialism
socialist people's libyan arab jamahiriya,Libya
socialist republic of vietnam,Vietnam
socialization,socialisation
socializer,socialiser
socializing,socialization
society,club
society of friends,Religious Society of Friends
socio-economic class,class
sociology department,department of sociology
sociopath,psychopath
sociopathic personality,antisocial personality disorder
sock,windsock
sockeye,red salmon
sockeye salmon,red salmon
sod,turf
sod's law,Murphy's Law
sod house,soddy
soda,sodium carbonate
soda ash,sodium carbonate
soda biscuit,buttermilk biscuit
soda bottle,pop bottle
soda jerk,soda jerker
soda jerker,soda jerk
soda niter,sodium nitrate
soda pop,pop
soda water,carbonated water
sodality,brotherhood
sodbuster,farmer
soddy,sod house
sodium,Na
sodium-vapor lamp,sodium-vapour lamp
sodium-vapour lamp,sodium-vapor lamp
sodium benzoate,benzoate of soda
sodium bicarbonate,bicarbonate of soda
sodium bichromate,sodium dichromate
sodium carbonate,washing soda
sodium chloride,common salt
sodium dichromate,sodium bichromate
sodium ethylmercurithiosalicylate,thimerosal
sodium hydrogen carbonate,bicarbonate of soda
sodium hydroxide,caustic soda
sodium lauryl sulfate,sodium lauryl sulphate
sodium lauryl sulphate,sodium lauryl sulfate
sodium nitrate,soda niter
sodium orthophosphate,sodium phosphate
sodium phosphate,sodium orthophosphate
sodium pyrophosphate,tetrasodium pyrophosphate
sodium silicate,soluble glass
sodium sulfate,sodium sulphate
sodium sulphate,sodium sulfate
sodium thiopental,phenobarbital
sodium thiosulfate,hypo
sodium thiosulphate,hypo
sodoku,spirillum fever
sodomist,sodomite
sodomite,sodomist
sodomy,buggery
sofa,couch
sofa bed,convertible
sofia scicolone,Loren
soft-cast steel,mild steel
soft-cover,paperback book
soft-cover book,paperback book
soft-finned fish,malacopterygian
soft-shell clam,steamer
soft-shell crab,soft-shelled crab
soft-shelled crab,soft-shell crab
soft-shelled turtle,pancake turtle
soft-shoe,soft-shoe shuffle
soft-shoe dancing,soft-shoe
soft-shoe shuffle,soft-shoe
soft coal,bituminous coal
soft corn,flour corn
soft diet,pap
soft flag,lesser bullrush
soft goods,drygoods
soft ice cream,frozen custard
soft market,buyer's market
soft palate,velum
soft roe,milt
soft rush,bulrush
soft shield fern,Polystichum setiferum
soft soap,blarney
soft spot,weak part
soft tick,argasid
soft touch,chump
soft tree fern,Dicksonia antarctica
softback,paperback book
softback book,paperback book
softball,playground ball
softball game,softball
softheartedness,tenderness
softie,softy
softness,unfitness
software,software program
software documentation,documentation
software engineer,programmer
software error,programming error
software package,software
software product,software package
software program,software
software system,software
softwood,deal
softy,softie
soh,sol
soil,dirt
soiling,soilure
soilure,soiling
soiree musicale,musical soiree
soixante-neuf,sixty-nine
soja,soy
soja bean,soy
sojourn,visit
sojourner truth,Truth
sol,colloidal solution
sol hurok,Hurok
sol rojo,Puka Inti
solace,consolation
solacement,solace
solan,solan goose
solan goose,solan
solandra guttata,chalice vine
solanopteris bifrons,potato fern
solant goose,solan
solanum aviculare,kangaroo apple
solanum burbankii,garden huckleberry
solanum carolinense,horse nettle
solanum commersonii,Uruguay potato
solanum crispum,potato tree
solanum dulcamara,bittersweet
solanum elaeagnifolium,trompillo
solanum giganteum,African holly
solanum jamesii,wild potato
solanum jasmoides,potato vine
solanum macranthum,potato tree
solanum melanocerasum,garden huckleberry
solanum melongena,eggplant
solanum nigrum,black nightshade
solanum nigrum guineese,garden huckleberry
solanum pseudocapsicum,Jerusalem cherry
solanum quitoense,naranjilla
solanum rostratum,buffalo bur
solanum tuberosum,potato
solanum wendlandii,potato vine
solanum wrightii,potato tree
solar apex,apex
solar array,solar battery
solar battery,solar array
solar cell,photovoltaic cell
solar collector,solar dish
solar day,day
solar dish,solar collector
solar energy,solar power
solar flare,flare
solar furnace,solar dish
solar halo,parhelic circle
solar panel,solar array
solar plexus,coeliac plexus
solar power,solar energy
solar trap,suntrap
solar year,tropical year
solarisation,solarization
solarium,sun parlor
solarization,solarisation
soldering,bonding
soldier-fish,soldierfish
soldier of fortune,mercenary
soldierfish,soldier-fish
soldiering,soldiership
soldiers of god,Jund-ul-Islam
soldiership,soldiering
soldiery,military personnel
solea lascaris,lemon sole
solea solea,European sole
solecism,faux pas
soledad pine,Torrey pine
soleirolia,Helxine
soleirolia soleirolii,baby's tears
solemness,sedateness
solemnisation,celebration
solemnity,sedateness
solemnization,celebration
solenogaster,aplacophoran
solenostemon blumei,painted nettle
solenostemon scutellarioides,painted nettle
soleus,soleus muscle
soleus muscle,soleus
solfa,tonic solfa
solfege,solmization
solfeggio,solmization
solferino,purplish pink
solicitation,appeal
solicitor,canvasser
solicitousness,solicitude
solicitude,solicitousness
solid figure,three-dimensional figure
solid food,food
solid ground,land
solid solution,primary solid solution
solid state,solid
solidago bicolor,silverrod
solidago canadensis,meadow goldenrod
solidago missouriensis,Missouri goldenrod
solidago multiradiata,alpine goldenrod
solidago nemoralis,grey goldenrod
solidago odora,Blue Mountain tea
solidago rugosa,dyer's weed
solidago sempervirens,seaside goldenrod
solidago spathulata,narrow goldenrod
solidification,hardening
solidifying,hardening
solidity,solidness
solidness,solid
solidus,bezant
soliloquy,monologue
solitaire,Pezophaps solitaria
solitariness,loneliness
solitary confinement,solitary
solitary vireo,Vireo solitarius
solitary wave,soliton
soliton,soliton wave
soliton wave,soliton
solitude,purdah
solitudinarian,hermit
solleret,sabaton
solmisation,solmization
solmization,solmisation
solo blast,solo homer
solo homer,solo blast
solomon's seal,Star of David
solomon bellow,Bellow
solomon guggenheim,Guggenheim
solomon hurok,Hurok
solon,statesman
solubility,solvability
soluble glass,water glass
soluble rna,transfer RNA
solubleness,dissolubility
solution,answer
solvability,solubility
solver,problem solver
solving,resolution
soma,haoma
somaesthesia,somesthesia
somaesthesis,somesthesia
soman,GD
somataesthesis,somesthesia
somatesthesia,somesthesia
somatic cell,vegetative cell
somatic cell nuclear transfer,somatic cell nuclear transplantation
somatic cell nuclear transplantation,somatic cell nuclear transfer
somatic chromosome,autosome
somatic sensation,somesthesia
somatic sense,somesthesia
somatic sensory system,somesthesia
somatosensory system,somesthesia
somatotrophic hormone,somatotropin
somatotrophin,somatotropin
somatotropic hormone,somatotropin
somatotropin,somatotrophin
somatotype,body type
somberness,gloom
sombreness,gloom
somebody,person
someone,person
somersault,somerset
somersaulting,somersault
somerset maugham,Maugham
somesthesia,somaesthesia
somesthesis,somesthesia
somite,metamere
somme river,Somme
sommelier,wine waiter
somnambulation,sleepwalking
somnambulism,sleepwalking
somnambulist,sleepwalker
somniloquism,sleep talking
somniloquy,sleep talking
somnolence,sleepiness
son,boy
son of a bitch,asshole
sonar,echo sounder
sonchus oleraceus,milkweed
song,vocal
song and dance,fairytale
song dynasty,Sung
song of solomon,Song of Songs
song sparrow,Melospiza melodia
song thrush,mavis
songbird,songster
songfulness,lyricality
songster,songwriter
songwriter,songster
sonic barrier,sound barrier
sonic delay line,acoustic delay line
sonic depth finder,fathometer
sonny,cub
sonny boy,cub
sonny liston,Liston
sonogram,echogram
sonography,ultrasonography
sonometer,audiometer
sonora semiannulata,ground snake
sonority,plangency
sonorousness,plangency
soochong,souchong
sooner state,Oklahoma
soot,carbon black
soot black,coal black
soothsayer,forecaster
soothsaying,divination
sootiness,smuttiness
sop,sops
soph,sophomore
sophia loren,Loren
sophie tucker,Tucker
sophism,sophistry
sophisticate,man of the world
sophistication,edification
sophistry,sophism
sophonias,Zephaniah
sophora japonica,Japanese pagoda tree
sophora secundiflora,mescal bean
sophora sinensis,Japanese pagoda tree
sophora tetraptera,kowhai
sopor,sleep
sops,sop
sorb,sorb apple
sorb apple,service tree
sorb apple tree,service tree
sorbent,sorbent material
sorbent material,sorbent
sorbet,water ice
sorbonne,Paris University
sorbus americana,American mountain ash
sorbus aucuparia,rowan
sorbus domestica,service tree
sorbus sitchensis,Western mountain ash
sorbus torminalis,wild service tree
sorcerer,magician
sorcery,black magic
sordidness,squalor
sordino,sourdine
sore throat,pharyngitis
soren aabye kierkegaard,Kierkegaard
soren kierkegaard,Kierkegaard
soren peter lauritz sorensen,Sorensen
soreness,tenderness
sorex araneus,common shrew
sorex cinereus,masked shrew
sorex palustris,American water shrew
sorgho,sorgo
sorghum,genus Sorghum
sorghum bicolor,great millet
sorghum halepense,Johnson grass
sorghum molasses,sorghum
sorghum vulgare caudatum,feterita
sorghum vulgare rosburghii,shallu
sorghum vulgare technicum,broomcorn
sorgo,sorgho
sorrel tree,sourwood
sorriness,paltriness
sorrow,regret
sorrower,mourner
sorrowfulness,sadness
sort,kind
sort program,sorting program
sortie,sally
sorting,sort
sorting program,sort program
sortition,casting lots
sot,drunkard
sothis,Sirius
sou'-west,southwest
sou'easter,southeaster
sou'wester,southwester
souari,souari nut
souari nut,souari
souari tree,souari
soubriquet,nickname
souchong,soochong
soudan,Sudan
soul,psyche
soul-searching,self-analysis
soul kiss,deep kiss
soul patch,Attilio
soulfulness,soul
sound alphabet,phonetic alphabet
sound barrier,sonic barrier
sound judgement,judgment
sound judgment,judgment
sound perception,auditory perception
sound pollution,noise pollution
sound pressure,instantaneous sound pressure
sound pressure level,acoustic power
sound projection,projection
sound recording,audio recording
sound reflection,echo
sound spectrum,acoustic spectrum
sound structure,morphology
sound system,audio system
sound wave,acoustic wave
soundboard,sounding board
soundbox,body
sounding board,soundboard
sounding line,lead line
soundlessness,quietness
soundness,wisdom
soup-fin,soupfin shark
soup-strainer,toothbrush
soup spoon,soupspoon
soupcon,touch
soupfin,soupfin shark
soupfin shark,soupfin
soupiness,creaminess
soupspoon,soup spoon
sour-gum family,Nyssaceae
sour bread,sourdough bread
sour cherry,sour cherry tree
sour cherry tree,sour cherry
sour cream,soured cream
sour dock,garden sorrel
sour fig,Hottentot fig
sour gourd,cream-of-tartar tree
sour grass,dock
sour gum,black gum
sour mash,sour mash whiskey
sour mash whiskey,sour mash
sour orange,Seville orange
source,beginning
sourdine,sordino
sourdough bread,sour bread
soured cream,sour cream
sourness,sour
sourpuss,picklepuss
soursop,prickly custard apple
soursop tree,soursop
sourwood,sorrel tree
sousaphone,bass horn
souse,alcoholic
sousing,drenching
souslik,suslik
south-seeking pole,negative magnetic pole
south african dutch,Afrikaans
south american bullfrog,crapaud
south american nation,South American country
south by east,SbE
south by west,SbW
south frigid zone,Antarctic
south of houston,SoHo
south platte river,South Platte
south southeast,sou'-sou'-east
south southwest,sou'-sou'-west
south west africa,Namibia
south wind,souther
southeast by east,SEbE
southeast by south,SEbS
southeaster,sou'easter
southeastern pocket gopher,Geomys pinetis
southeastern united states,Southeast
souther,south wind
southern arrow wood,arrow wood
southern beech,evergreen beech
southern beech fern,broad beech fern
southern blue flag,Iris virginica
southern bog lemming,Synaptomys cooperi
southern buckthorn,shittimwood
southern cabbage butterfly,Pieris protodice
southern cypress,bald cypress
southern flounder,Paralichthys lethostigmus
southern flying squirrel,Glaucomys volans
southern harebell,Campanula divaricata
southern lights,aurora australis
southern live oak,Quercus virginiana
southern magnolia,evergreen magnolia
southern maidenhair,common maidenhair
southern porgy,scup
southern red cedar,Juniperus silicicola
southern red oak,swamp red oak
southern rhodesia,Zimbabwe
southern scup,scup
southern spadefoot,Scaphiopus multiplicatus
southern spatterdock,Nuphar sagittifolium
southern triangle,Triangulum Australe
southern white cedar,coast white cedar
southern yellow pine,longleaf pine
southernwood,Artemisia abrotanum
southpaw,left-handed pitcher
southwest by south,SWbS
southwest by west,SWbW
southwester,sou'wester
southwestern lip fern,Cheilanthes eatonii
southwestern toad,Bufo microscaphus
southwestern united states,Southwest
southwestern white pine,Pinus strobiformis
souvenir,keepsake
souvlaki,souvlakia
souvlakia,souvlaki
sovereignty,reign
soviet kgb,Committee for State Security
sovietism,Bolshevism
sow thistle,milk thistle
sowbane,red goosefoot
sowbread,Cyclamen hederifolium
soy,soybean
soy flour,soybean meal
soy sauce,soy
soya,soy
soya bean,soy
soya milk,soybean milk
soyabean oil,soybean oil
soybean,soy
soybean flour,soybean meal
soybean meal,soybean flour
soybean milk,soya milk
soybean oil,soyabean oil
soybean plant,soy
soymilk,soya milk
spa,watering place
space,infinite
space-reflection symmetry,parity
space-time,space-time continuum
space-time continuum,space-time
space biology,exobiology
space capsule,capsule
space laboratory,space station
space lattice,crystal lattice
space platform,space station
space station,space platform
space travel,spaceflight
space vehicle,spacecraft
spacecraft,ballistic capsule
spacecraft clock time,SCLK
spacecraft event time,SCET
spacefaring,spaceflight
spaceflight,space travel
spaceman,astronaut
spaceship,starship
spacing,spatial arrangement
spaciousness,capaciousness
spackle,spackling compound
spackling compound,spackle
spade,nigger
spadefish,angelfish
spadefoot,spadefoot toad
spadefoot toad,spadefoot
spadeful,shovel
spaghetti sauce,pasta sauce
spall,spawl
span,couple
spandrel,spandril
spandril,spandrel
spangle,sequin
spanish burgoo,olla podrida
spanish capital,Madrid
spanish cedar tree,Spanish cedar
spanish chestnut,European chestnut
spanish elm,princewood
spanish garlic,sand leek
spanish gorse,Spanish broom
spanish guinea,Equatorial Guinea
spanish lime tree,Spanish lime
spanish people,Spanish
spanish peseta,peseta
spanish pointer,pointer
spanish psyllium,fleawort
spanish sahara,Western Sahara
spanish tea,American wormseed
spanish war,Spanish-American War
spanker,slapper
spanner,wrench
spar,sparring
sparaxis tricolor,wandflower
spare-time activity,avocation
spare part,spare
spare time,free time
spare tire,love handle
spareness,sparseness
spareribs,barbecued spareribs
sparge,sprinkle
sparid,sparid fish
sparid fish,sparid
spark,flicker
spark advance,lead
spark arrester,sparker
spark chamber,spark counter
spark counter,spark chamber
spark plug,sparking plug
sparker,spark arrester
sparking plug,spark plug
sparkle,twinkle
sparkleberry,farkleberry
sparkler,ice
sparkling water,soda water
sparling,European smelt
sparmannia africana,African hemp
sparring,spar
sparring mate,sparring partner
sparring partner,sparring mate
sparrow,true sparrow
sparrow hawk,American kestrel
sparseness,spareness
sparsity,sparseness
spartina cynosuroides,salt reed grass
spartina pectinmata,prairie cordgrass
spartium junceum,Spanish broom
spasm,cramp
spasmodic laryngitis,croup
spasmolytic,antispasmodic
spastic colon,irritable bowel syndrome
spastic paralysis,cerebral palsy
spat,bicker
spate,batch
spathe flower,spathiphyllum
spathiphyllum,peace lily
spatial arrangement,spacing
spatial property,spatiality
spatial relation,position
spatiality,spatial property
spatter,spattering
spatterdock,cow lily
spattering,spatter
spawl,spall
speaker,talker
speaker identification,talker identification
speaker system,loudspeaker
speaker unit,loudspeaker
spear,lance
spear-point,spearhead
spear carrier,supernumerary
spear thistle,bull thistle
spear thrower,throwing stick
spearhead,spearpoint
spearmint,Mentha spicata
spearpoint,spearhead
spec,specification
special contract,sealed instrument
special drawing rights,paper gold
special jury,blue ribbon jury
special k,K
special relativity,special theory of relativity
special relativity theory,special relativity
special theory of relativity,special relativity
special weapons and tactics squad,SWAT team
special weapons and tactics team,SWAT team
specialisation,specialization
specialiser,specialist
specialism,specialization
specialist,specializer
speciality,forte
specialization,specialisation
specializer,specialist
specialness,peculiarity
specialty,forte
specie,coinage
species,coinage
specification,spec
speciousness,meretriciousness
speck,pinpoint
speckle,spot
speckled alder,Alnus rugosa
speckled rattlesnake,Crotalus mitchellii
speckled trout,brook trout
specs,spectacles
spectacled caiman,Caiman sclerops
spectacles,specs
spectator,witness
spectator pump,spectator
specter,ghost
spectral color,chromatic color
spectral colour,chromatic color
spectre,apparition
spectrogram,spectrograph
spectrograph,spectrogram
spectrographic analysis,spectroscopy
spectrometer,mass spectrometer
spectrometry,spectroscopy
spectroscope,prism spectroscope
spectroscopic analysis,spectroscopy
spectroscopy,spectrometry
spectrum analysis,spectroscopy
speculation,guess
speculator,plunger
speech,address
speech communication,speech
speech defect,speech disorder
speech disorder,speech defect
speech organ,vocal organ
speech pattern,accent
speech production,speaking
speech rhythm,rhythm
speech sound,phone
speechifier,orator
speechmaker,orator
speechmaking,public speaking
speed,velocity
speed cop,motorcycle cop
speed demon,speeder
speed indicator,speedometer
speed of light,light speed
speed skate,racing skate
speed skater,speedskater
speeder,speed demon
speediness,celerity
speeding,speed
speedometer,speed indicator
speedskater,speed skater
speedup,acceleration
speedwell,veronica
spelaeologist,potholer
spelaeology,speleology
speleologist,potholer
speleology,spelaeology
spell,enchantment
spell-checker,spelling checker
spelldown,spelling bee
speller,good speller
spelling bee,spelldown
spelling checker,spell-checker
spelling contest,spelling bee
spelt,Triticum spelta
spelunker,potholer
spencer tracy,Tracy
spend-all,spendthrift
spending,disbursement
spending money,pocket money
spergula arvensis,corn spurry
spergularia rubra,sand spurry
sperm,sperm cell
sperm cell,sperm
sperm whale,cachalot
spermatocide,spermicide
spermatophyte,phanerogam
spermatozoan,sperm
spermatozoid,antherozoid
spermatozoon,sperm
spermicide,spermatocide
spermophile,ground squirrel
spermophilus,Citellus
spewer,vomiter
spf,sun protection factor
sphacele,Lepechinia
sphacele calycina,pitcher sage
sphacelotheca reiliana,head smut
sphacelus,gangrene
sphaeralcea coccinea,prairie mallow
sphaeralcea fasciculata,chaparral mallow
sphaeralcea remota,wild hollyhock
sphaerocarpos,Sphaerocarpus
sphagnum,sphagnum moss
sphagnum moss,sphagnum
sphalerite,zinc blende
sphecius speciosis,cicada killer
sphecoid,sphecoid wasp
sphecoid wasp,sphecoid
spheniscus demersus,jackass penguin
sphenodon punctatum,tuatara
sphenoid,sphenoid bone
sphenoid bone,sphenoid
sphenoid fontanel,sphenoid fontanelle
sphenoid fontanelle,sphenoid fontanel
sphenoidal fontanel,sphenoid fontanelle
sphenoidal fontanelle,sphenoid fontanelle
sphere,domain
sphere of influence,sphere
sphericalness,sphericity
sphericity,sphericalness
spheroid,ellipsoid of revolution
spheroid joint,ball-and-socket joint
sphincter,anatomical sphincter
sphincter ani,anal sphincter
sphincter muscle,sphincter
sphingid,hawkmoth
sphinx moth,hawkmoth
sphyraena barracuda,great barracuda
sphyrapicus varius,yellow-bellied sapsucker
sphyrapicus varius ruber,red-breasted sapsucker
sphyrna tiburo,shovelhead
sphyrna tudes,smalleye hammerhead
sphyrna zygaena,smooth hammerhead
spiccato,spiccato bowing
spiccato bowing,spiccato
spice,spiciness
spice bush,spicebush
spice islands,Moluccas
spice tree,California laurel
spiceberry,coralberry
spicebush,spice bush
spicery,spiciness
spiciness,spice
spicule,spiculum
spiculum,spicule
spider,wanderer
spider's web,spider web
spider angioma,spider nevus
spider brake,spider fern
spider fern,ribbon fern
spider flower,spider plant
spider mite,tetranychid
spider monkey,Ateles geoffroyi
spider nevus,spider angioma
spider orchid,Brassia verrucosa
spider plant,spider flower
spider web,spider's web
spiderflower,cleome
spiderwort,dayflower
spiderwort family,Commelinaceae
spiegel,spiegeleisen
spiegel iron,spiegeleisen
spiegeleisen,spiegel
spiel,patter
spigot,tap
spik,spic
spike,ear
spike arrester,surge suppressor
spike heath,Bruckenthalia spiculifolia
spike heel,spike
spike lavender,French lavender
spike lavender oil,spike oil
spike lee,Lee
spike moss,spikemoss
spike oil,spike lavender oil
spike suppressor,surge suppressor
spiked loosestrife,purple loosestrife
spikelet,spine
spikemoss,spike moss
spikenard,nard
spile,pile
spill,spillway
spillage,spill
spiller,shedder
spillikin,jackstraw
spillikins,jackstraws
spillway,spill
spilogale putorius,spotted skunk
spin,twirl
spin-off,by-product
spin doctor,spinmeister
spin drier,spin dryer
spin dryer,spin drier
spin the plate,spin the platter
spin the platter,spin the plate
spina bifida,rachischisis
spinach,spinach plant
spinach beet,chard
spinach mustard,tendergreen
spinach plant,spinach
spinacia oleracea,spinach
spinal accessory,accessory nerve
spinal anaesthesia,spinal anesthesia
spinal anaesthetic,spinal anesthetic
spinal anesthesia,spinal anaesthesia
spinal anesthetic,spinal anaesthetic
spinal canal,vertebral canal
spinal column,vertebral column
spinal cord,medulla spinalis
spinal fluid,cerebrospinal fluid
spinal fusion,fusion
spinal nerve,nervus spinalis
spinal puncture,lumbar puncture
spinal tap,lumbar puncture
spinal vein,vena spinalis
spindle,mandrel
spindle-tree family,Celastraceae
spindle horn,forest goat
spindle tree,spindleberry
spindleberry,spindle tree
spindleberry tree,spindle tree
spindlelegs,spindleshanks
spindleshanks,spindlelegs
spindrift,spoondrift
spine,spinal column
spinel ruby,ruby spinel
spininess,prickliness
spinmeister,spin doctor
spinner,spinster
spinning top,top
spinster,old maid
spinus pinus,pine siskin
spinus tristis,New World goldfinch
spiny-finned fish,acanthopterygian
spiny-headed worm,acanthocephalan
spiny anteater,echidna
spiny lizard,mountain devil
spiny lobster,langouste
spiny softshell,Trionyx spiniferus
spiny talinum,Talinum spinescens
spipistrellus hesperus,western pipistrel
spiraea,spirea
spiraea prunifolia,bridal wreath
spiral galaxy,spiral nebula
spiral nebula,spiral galaxy
spiral ratchet screwdriver,ratchet screwdriver
spiranthes cernua,screw augur
spiranthes porrifolia,western ladies' tresses
spiranthes romanzoffiana,hooded ladies' tresses
spiranthes spiralis,European ladies' tresses
spire,steeple
spirea,spiraea
spirilla,spirillum
spirillum,spirilla
spirillum fever,sodoku
spirillum minus,ratbite fever bacterium
spirit,tone
spirit level,level
spirit of turpentine,turpentine
spirit rapping,table rapping
spiritedness,animation
spiritism,spirituality
spiritlessness,apathy
spirits,liquor
spirits of ammonia,sal volatile
spiritual being,supernatural being
spiritual domain,spiritual world
spiritual jewel,Shen-pao
spiritual rebirth,conversion
spiritual world,spiritual domain
spiritualisation,spiritualization
spiritualism,spirituality
spirituality,spiritualty
spiritualization,spiritualisation
spiritualty,spirituality
spirochaete,spirochete
spirochete,spirochaete
spirodela polyrrhiza,great duckweed
spironolactone,Aldactone
spirt,jet
spirula,Spirula peronii
spirula peronii,spirula
spit,tongue
spit curl,kiss curl
spitball,spitter
spite,malice
spitefulness,malice
spitter,expectorator
spitting,spit
spitting cobra,black-necked cobra
spitting snake,ringhals
spittle,saliva
spittle insect,spittlebug
spittlebug,spittle insect
spittoon,cuspidor
spitzbergen,Spitsbergen
spizella arborea,tree sparrow
spizella passerina,chipping sparrow
spizella pusilla,field sparrow
splash,plash
splash-guard,mudguard
splash guard,mudguard
splashboard,washboard
splasher,splashboard
splashiness,ostentation
splashing,spatter
splatter,spatter
splattering,spatter
spleen,lien
splendor,luster
splendour,luster
splenic artery,lienal artery
splenic fever,anthrax
splenic vein,vena lienalis
splenius,splenius muscle
splenius muscle,splenius
splice,splicing
splicing,splice
spliff,joint
spline,slat
splinter,sliver
splintering,chip
splinters,matchwood
split-half correlation,chance-half correlation
split down,reverse split
split personality,multiple personality
split rail,fence rail
split second,blink of an eye
split up,split
splitsaw,ripsaw
splitter,divider
splitworm,potato moth
splodge,blotch
splotch,blotch
splurge,orgy
splutter,spatter
spodoptera exigua,beet armyworm
spodoptera frugiperda,fall armyworm
spoil,spoiling
spoilage,spoiling
spoilation,spoil
spoiler,plunderer
spoiling,spoilage
spoilsport,killjoy
spoke,wheel spoke
spoken communication,speech
spoken language,speech
spoken word,vocable
spokesperson,interpreter
spoliation,spoil
spondias mombin,hog plum
spondias purpurea,mombin
sponge,quick study
sponge bag,toilet bag
sponge gourd,luffa
sponge morel,common morel
sponge mushroom,common morel
spongefly,spongillafly
sponger,leech
spongillafly,spongefly
sponginess,compressibility
spongioblastoma,glioblastoma
sponsor,patron
spontaneity,spontaneousness
spontaneous abortion,miscarriage
spontaneous generation,abiogenesis
spontaneousness,spontaneity
spoof,parody
spook,creep
spool,bobbin
spoon,spoonful
spoon bread,batter bread
spoon food,soft diet
spoonbill catfish,flathead catfish
spoondrift,spindrift
spoonflower,yautia
spoonful,spoon
spoonleaf yucca,Adam's needle
sporangium,spore case
sporanox,itraconazole
spore case,sporangium
spore sac,sporangium
sporobolus cryptandrus,sand dropseed
sporobolus poiretii,smut grass
sporocarp,spore case
sporophyl,sporophyll
sporophyll,sporophyl
sport,athletics
sport car,sports car
sport coat,blazer
sport fish,game fish
sport jacket,blazer
sport kite,stunt kite
sport shirt,polo shirt
sport utility,sport utility vehicle
sport utility vehicle,sport utility
sportfishing,fishing
sporting chance,fair chance
sporting dog,gun dog
sporting house,whorehouse
sporting lady,prostitute
sporting man,outdoor man
sportiveness,friskiness
sports announcer,sportscaster
sports arena,field house
sports car,sport car
sports coat,blazer
sports commentator,sports announcer
sports fan,fan
sports jacket,blazer
sports meeting,meet
sports stadium,stadium
sports writer,sportswriter
sportscaster,sports announcer
sportsman,sport
sportswear,athletic wear
sportswoman,sport
sportswriter,sports writer
sporulation,monogenesis
spot,topographic point
spot-weld,spot weld
spot-welder,spot welder
spot-welding,spot welding
spot jamming,selective jamming
spot price,cash price
spot weld,spot-weld
spot welder,spot-welder
spot welding,spot-welding
spotlessness,immaculateness
spotlight,limelight
spots,musca volitans
spotted antbird,Hylophylax naevioides
spotted barramundi,Australian arowana
spotted bat,jackass bat
spotted black bass,Kentucky black bass
spotted bonytongue,Australian arowana
spotted coral root,Corallorhiza maculata
spotted cowbane,spotted hemlock
spotted crake,Porzana porzana
spotted cranesbill,wild geranium
spotted eagle ray,spotted ray
spotted flycatcher,Muscicapa striata
spotted gum,Eucalyptus maculata
spotted hemlock,spotted cowbane
spotted hyena,laughing hyena
spotted joe-pye weed,Joe-Pye weed
spotted lynx,Lynx pardina
spotted owl,Strix occidentalis
spotted ray,spotted eagle ray
spotted salamander,Ambystoma maculatum
spotted sandpiper,Actitis macularia
spotted sea trout,spotted weakfish
spotted skunk,little spotted skunk
spotted squeateague,spotted weakfish
spotted sunfish,stumpknocker
spotted water hemlock,spotted cowbane
spotted weakfish,spotted sea trout
spotter,lookout
spotting,staining
spousal equivalent,domestic partner
spousal relationship,marriage
spouse,partner
spouse equivalent,domestic partner
spouter,chatterer
sprag,pitprop
spraguea umbellatum,pussy-paw
sprat,brisling
sprawl,conurbation
spray,spraying
spray can,aerosol
sprayer,atomizer
spraying,crop-dusting
spread head,spread
spreader,broadcaster
spreadhead,spread
spreading,spread
spreading bellflower,tussock bellflower
spreading dogbane,common dogbane
spreading factor,hyaluronidase
spreading fleabane,Erigeron divergens
spreading pogonia,funnel-crest rosebud orchid
sprechgesang,sprechstimme
sprechstimme,sprechgesang
spree,fling
sprig,branchlet
sprig tail,sharp-tailed grouse
sprigger,stripper
sprightliness,liveliness
sprigtail,sharp-tailed grouse
spring,springtime
spring balance,spring scale
spring beauty,Clatonia lanceolata
spring chicken,young person
spring cleavers,cleavers
spring cress,Cardamine bulbosa
spring equinox,vernal equinox
spring frog,green frog
spring gun,set gun
spring heath,winter heath
spring onion,green onion
spring peeper,Hyla crucifer
spring roll,egg roll
spring scale,spring balance
spring squill,Scilla verna
spring vetch,Vicia sativa
spring vetchling,spring vetch
spring water,ground water
springboard,jumping-off point
springbok,springbuck
springbuck,springbok
springer,impost
springer spaniel,springer
springiness,give
springing cow,springer
springtail,collembolan
springtime,spring
sprinkle,scattering
sprinkles,jimmies
sprinkling,scattering
sprint,dash
sprite,fairy
sprites,red sprites
sprocket,sprocket wheel
sprocket wheel,sprocket
sprouting,germination
spruce bark beetle,Dendroctonus rufipennis
spruce gall aphid,Adelges abietis
spruce grouse,Canachites canadensis
spruce pine,eastern hemlock
spruce squirrel,American red squirrel
spruceness,neatness
sprue,tropical sprue
spud,potato
spun sugar,cotton candy
spunk,kindling
spur,goad
spur gear,spur wheel
spur track,branch line
spur wheel,spur gear
spurge family,Euphorbiaceae
spurge laurel,wood laurel
spurge nettle,tread-softly
spurious wing,bastard wing
spurring,goad
spurt,jet
sputter,spatter
sputtering,spatter
sputum,phlegm
sputum smear,lower respiratory tract smear
spy,undercover agent
spyglass,field glass
spyhole,peephole
spying,undercover work
sq ft,square foot
sq in,square inch
sq yd,square yard
squabble,bicker
squad,team
squad car,cruiser
squalidness,sordidness
squalor,sordidness
squalus acanthias,Atlantic spiny dogfish
squalus suckleyi,Pacific spiny dogfish
squamous cell carcinoma,cancroid
squanderer,prodigal
square and rabbet,annulet
square block,cube
square bracket,bracket
square dance,square dancing
square dancing,square dance
square deal,fair deal
square foot,sq ft
square inch,sq in
square measure,area unit
square meter,square metre
square metre,square meter
square shooter,straight shooter
square toes,square
square yard,sq yd
squareflipper square flipper,bearded seal
squark,strange quark
squash,squash vine
squash bug,Anasa tristis
squash racket,squash racquet
squash rackets,squash
squash racquet,squash racket
squash racquets,squash
squash vine,squash
squatina squatina,angel shark
squatness,stubbiness
squatter,homesteader
squattiness,dumpiness
squatting,knee bend
squaw-bush,squawbush
squaw corn,soft corn
squaw grass,bear grass
squaw huckleberry,deerberry
squaw root,blue cohosh
squawbush,squaw-bush
squawk,gripe
squawk box,squawker
squawker,whiner
squawroot,blue cohosh
squeak,close call
squeaker,close call
squealer,informer
squeamishness,queasiness
squeezability,compressibility
squeeze,squeezing
squeeze box,accordion
squeeze play,power play
squeezing,squeeze
squelch,put-down
squelch circuit,squelch
squelcher,put-down
squid,calamari
squiggle,curlicue
squill,sea squill
squilla,mantis prawn
squint-eye,squinter
squinter,squint-eye
squire,gallant
squirearchy,landed gentry
squirm,wiggle
squirmer,wiggler
squirrel's-foot fern,ball fern
squirrel corn,Dicentra canadensis
squirrel monkey,Saimiri sciureus
squirrelfish,pinfish
squirreltail barley,foxtail barley
squirreltail grass,squirreltail barley
squirt,pip-squeak
squirt gun,water pistol
squirter,water pistol
squirting cucumber,exploding cucumber
sr,strontium
sravana,Sawan
srbija,Serbia
ss,United States Secret Service
ssa,Social Security Administration
sse,south southeast
sspe,subacute sclerosing panencephalitis
ssri,selective-serotonin reuptake inhibitor
sss,Selective Service
ssw,south southwest
st. ambrose,Ambrose
st. andrew,Andrew
st. anselm,Anselm
st. anthony's cross,tau cross
st. athanasius,Athanasius
st. augustine,Augustine
st. baeda,Bede
st. barbara's herb,winter cress
st. basil,Basil
st. basil the great,Basil
st. beda,Bede
st. bede,Bede
st. benedict,Benedict
st. boniface,Boniface
st. bride,Bridget
st. bridget,Bridget
st. brigid,Bridget
st. bruno,Bruno
st. christopher,Christopher
st. christopher-nevis,Saint Kitts and Nevis
st. cloud,Saint Cloud
st. crispin,Crispin
st. cyril,Cyril
st. dabeoc's heath,Connemara heath
st. david,David
st. dominic,Dominic
st. edward the confessor,Edward the Confessor
st. edward the martyr,Edward the Martyr
st. elias mountains,St. Elias Range
st. elmo's fire,corona discharge
st. eustatius,Saint Eustatius
st. francis,Francis of Assisi
st. francis of assisi,Francis of Assisi
st. francis river,Saint Francis
st. george,George
st. gregory i,Gregory
st. gregory of nazianzen,Gregory
st. ignatius,Ignatius
st. ignatius of loyola,Ignatius of Loyola
st. irenaeus,Irenaeus
st. james,James
st. james the apostle,James
st. jerome,Jerome
st. john,John
st. john's,Saint John's
st. john chrysostom,John Chrysostom
st. john river,Saint John
st. john the apostle,John
st. john the baptist,John the Baptist
st. johns,Saint Johns
st. johns river,Saint Johns
st. joseph,Saint Joseph
st. jude,Jude
st. kitts,Saint Christopher
st. kitts and nevis,Saint Kitts and Nevis
st. lawrence,Lawrence
st. lawrence river,Saint Lawrence
st. lawrence seaway,Saint Lawrence Seaway
st. leo i,Leo I
st. louis,Saint Louis
st. lucia,Saint Lucia
st. luke,Luke
st. maarten,Saint Martin
st. mark,Mark
st. martin,Martin
st. mary magdalen,Mary Magdalene
st. mary magdalene,Mary Magdalene
st. mary of bethlehem,Belem
st. matthew,Matthew
st. matthew the apostle,Matthew
st. nicholas,Nicholas
st. nick,Santa Claus
st. olaf,Olaf II
st. olav,Olaf II
st. patrick,Patrick
st. paul,Saint Paul
st. peter,Peter
st. peter's wreath,bridal wreath
st. peter the apostle,Peter
st. polycarp,Polycarp
st. simon,Simon
st. thomas,Thomas
st. thomas a becket,Becket
st. thomas and principe,Sao Tome and Principe
st. thomas aquinas,Aquinas
st. vincent,Saint Vincent
st. vincent and the grenadines,Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
st. vitus,Vitus
st. vitus dance,Sydenham's chorea
st bernard,Saint Bernard
st john's day,Midsummer Day
st john's eve,Midsummer Eve
st john's night,Midsummer Eve
st john's wort family,Guttiferae
st joseph,Saint Joseph
st martin's day,Martinmas
st mihiel,Saint-Mihiel
st valentine's day,Valentine Day
stab,pang
stabilisation,stabilization
stabiliser,stabilizer
stability,stableness
stabilization,stabilisation
stabilizer,stabiliser
stabilizer bar,anti-sway bar
stable companion,stablemate
stable factor,proconvertin
stable gear,saddlery
stableboy,stableman
stableman,stableboy
stablemate,stable companion
stableness,stability
stabroek,Georgetown
stachys palustris,hedge nettle
stachys sylvatica,hedge nettle
stack,batch
stacks,tons
stadium,bowl
stadium jumping,showjumping
staff,faculty
staff-tree family,Celastraceae
staff member,staffer
staff of life,bread
staff office,personnel department
staff vine,bittersweet
staffer,staff member
staffordshire bull terrier,Staffordshire bullterrier
staffordshire terrier,American Staffordshire terrier
stag,hart
stag's-horn coral,staghorn coral
stag's garlic,crow garlic
stag party,smoker
stage,phase
stage business,business
stage dancing,choreography
stage left,left stage
stage manager,stager
stage right,right stage
stage set,set
stage setting,mise en scene
stage technician,stagehand
stagecoach,stage
stagehand,stage technician
stager,stage manager
stagger,lurch
stagger bush,staggerbush
stagger head,dropline
staggerbush,stagger bush
staggered head,dropline
staggerer,totterer
staggers,blind staggers
staghead,witches' broom
staghorn coral,stag's-horn coral
staghorn moss,ground cedar
staghorn sumac,velvet sumac
staginess,theatricality
staging,theatrical production
stagirus,Stagira
stagnancy,stagnation
stagnant anoxia,ischemic anoxia
stagnant hypoxia,ischemic hypoxia
stagnation,stagnancy
staidness,sedateness
stain,discoloration
staining,spotting
stainless steel,stainless
stair,step
staircase,stairway
stairs,steps
stairway,staircase
stake,interest
stake driver,American bittern
stakes,stake
stalemate,deadlock
staleness,triteness
stalin peak,Communism Peak
stalinabad,Dushanbe
stalingrad,Volgograd
stalinisation,Stalinization
stalinism,dictatorship
stalino,Donetsk
stalk,chaff
stalker,prowler
stalking,stalk
stalking-horse,pretext
stall,booth
stalling,stall
stallion,entire
stalls,stable
stalwartness,stoutness
stamboul,Istanbul
stambul,Istanbul
stamina,staying power
stammer,stutter
stammerer,stutterer
stamp,cast
stamp battery,battery
stamp collecting,philately
stamp collection,philately
stamp collector,philatelist
stamp duty,stamp tax
stamp mill,stamping mill
stamp pad,pad
stamp tax,stamp duty
stamper,stomper
stamping ground,haunt
stamping machine,stamper
stamping mill,stamp mill
stan laurel,Laurel
stan musial,Musial
stan the man,Musial
stance,position
stand,base
stand-down,standdown
stand-in,substitute
standard-bearer,color bearer
standard and poor's index,Standard and Poor's
standard atmosphere,atmosphere
standard candle,candle
standard generalized markup language,SGML
standard of life,standard of living
standard of living,standard of life
standard of measurement,gauge
standard operating procedure,standing operating procedure
standard pressure,standard atmosphere
standard procedure,standing operating procedure
standard time,civil time
standard transmission,stick shift
standardisation,standardization
standardiser,standardizer
standardization,standardisation
standardizer,standardiser
standdown,stand-down
standing operating procedure,standard operating procedure
standing ovation,ovation
standing rib roast,rib roast
standing stone,menhir
standing wave,stationary wave
standoff,draw
standoffishness,aloofness
standpoint,point of view
standstill,deadlock
standup comedian,gagman
stanford white,White
stanley baldwin,Baldwin
stanley frank musial,Musial
stanley kubrick,Kubrick
stanley smith stevens,Stevens
stanleya pinnata,desert plume
stannic sulfide,mosaic gold
stannite,tin pyrites
stapelia,carrion flower
stapes,stirrup
staph,staphylococcus
staphylococci,staphylococcus
staphylococcus,staphylococci
staple fiber,staple
staple fibre,staple
staple gun,staplegun
staplegun,staple gun
stapler,stapling machine
stapling machine,stapler
star-duckweed,Lemna trisulca
star-glory,cypress vine
star-leaf begonia,star begonia
star-nosed mole,starnose mole
star-spangled banner,American flag
star-thistle,caltrop
star anise,Chinese anise
star aniseed,Chinese anise
star apple,caimito
star begonia,star-leaf begonia
star divination,astrology
star earthball,Scleroderma flavidium
star fruit,carambola
star grass,colicroot
star ipomoea,red morning-glory
star jasmine,confederate jasmine
star magnolia,Magnolia stellata
star of the veldt,cape marigold
star saxifrage,starry saxifrage
star sign,sign of the zodiac
star topology,star
star tulip,elegant cat's ears
starch,amylum
starch wheat,emmer
starches,starch
starfish,sea star
starfish flower,stapelia
starflower,sleepy dick
stargazer,lotus-eater
starkey,Starr
starkness,absoluteness
starnose mole,star-nosed mole
starry saxifrage,star saxifrage
stars and stripes,American flag
starship,spaceship
start,beginning
start-off,kickoff
starter,starter motor
starter motor,starter
starting gate,starting stall
starting handle,crank handle
starting line,start
starting motor,starter
starting point,terminus a quo
starting signal,start
starting stall,starting gate
starting time,beginning
startle,jump
startle reaction,startle response
startle reflex,Moro reflex
startle response,startle reaction
startup,inauguration
starvation,famishment
starved aster,calico aster
starwort,stitchwort
stash,hoard
stat mi,mile
state,province
state's attorney,state attorney
state attorney,state's attorney
state boundary,state line
state change,phase change
state department,Department of State
state highway,expressway
state line,state boundary
state of affairs,situation
state of bahrain,Bahrain
state of eritrea,Eritrea
state of flux,flux
state of grace,grace
state of israel,Israel
state of katar,Qatar
state of kuwait,Kuwait
state of matter,state
state of mind,frame of mind
state of nature,wild
state of qatar,Qatar
state of the vatican city,Holy See
state of war,war
state supreme court,supreme court
state trooper,trooper
statecraft,statesmanship
stateless person,displaced person
stateliness,majesty
statement,argument
statesman,solon
statesmanship,statecraft
static magnet,permanent magnet
statice,sea lavender
statics,static
statin,lipid-lowering medicine
statin drug,lipid-lowering medicine
station,place
station agent,stationmaster
station house,police station
station keeper,desk sergeant
station waggon,beach wagon
station wagon,beach wagon
stationariness,immobility
stationary wave,standing wave
stationer,stationery seller
stationery,letter paper
stationery seller,stationer
stationmaster,station agent
stations of the cross,Stations
statistical distribution,distribution
statistical method,statistical procedure
statistical procedure,statistical method
statistical regression,regression
statistical table,actuarial table
statistician,mathematical statistician
statistics,statistic
stator,stator coil
stator coil,stator
statue maker,sculptor
statuette,figurine
stature,height
status,position
status seeking,power hunger
statute law,legislation
statute mile,mile
statute title,title
statutory offence,statutory offense
statutory offense,statutory offence
statutory rape,carnal abuse
staunchness,steadfastness
staurikosaur,staurikosaurus
staurikosaurus,staurikosaur
stave,staff
stave wood,red beech
stay,arrest
staying power,stamina
stays,corset
std,venereal disease
stead,position
steadfastness,staunchness
steadiness,firmness
steady state theory,continuous creation theory
steak au poivre,peppered steak
steak tartare,tartar steak
steakhouse,chophouse
steal,bargain
stealer,thief
stealing,larceny
stealth,stealing
stealthiness,furtiveness
steam bath,steam room
steam boiler,boiler
steam heat,steam heating
steam heating,steam heat
steam line,steam pipe
steam organ,calliope
steam pipe,steam line
steam room,steam bath
steamer,soft-shell clam
steamer clam,soft-shell clam
steaminess,haziness
steamroller,juggernaut
steamship,steamer
steamship company,steamship line
steamship line,steamship company
stearic acid,octadecanoic acid
steatite,soapstone
steatocystoma,sebaceous cyst
steatornis caripensis,oilbird
steel,sword
steel factory,steel mill
steel gray,iron blue
steel grey,iron blue
steel guitar,Hawaiian guitar
steel mill,steelworks
steel plant,steel mill
steel wool,wire wool
steelmaker,steelworker
steelman,steelmaker
steelworker,steelmaker
steelworks,steel mill
steelyard,lever scale
steenbok,steinbok
steeple,spire
steepness,abruptness
steer,tip
steerage,steering
steerer,helmsman
steering,guidance
steering mechanism,steering system
steering system,steering mechanism
steering wheel,wheel
steersman,helmsman
stefan wyszynski,Wyszynski
stefan zweig,Zweig
steffi graf,Graf
steganography,cryptography
steganopus tricolor,Wilson's phalarope
stegosaur,stegosaurus
stegosaur stenops,stegosaur
stegosaurus,stegosaur
stein,beer mug
steinbok,steenbok
steinert's disease,myotonic muscular dystrophy
stela,stele
stele,stela
stellar's sea eagle,Kamchatkan sea eagle
stellaria holostea,stitchwort
stellaria media,common chickweed
steller's sea lion,Steller sea lion
stem,root
stem canker,little potato
stem ginger,common ginger
stem lettuce,celtuce
stem turn,stem
stem vowel,thematic vowel
stemless carline thistle,Carlina acaulis
stemless daisy,Easter daisy
stemless golden weed,Stenotus acaulis
stemless hymenoxys,Tetraneuris acaulis
stemma,lineage
stemmatics,stemmatology
stemmatology,stemmatics
stemmer,stripper
stemming algorithm,stemmer
stench,malodor
stench bomb,stink bomb
stenocarpus salignus,scrub beefwood
stenocarpus sinuatus,wheel tree
stenographer,amanuensis
stenography,shorthand
stenopelmatus fuscus,sand cricket
stenopterygius,Stenopterygius quadrisicissus
stenopterygius quadrisicissus,stenopterygius
stenosis,stricture
stenotaphrum secundatum,St. Augustine grass
stenotomus aculeatus,scup
stenotomus chrysops,scup
stenotus acaulis,stemless golden weed
step,measure
step-down,decrease
step-in,pantie
step-up,increase
step dancing,hoofing
step ladder,stepladder
step rocket,multistage rocket
stepbrother,half-brother
stephane grappelli,Grappelli
stephane mallarme,Mallarme
stephanie graf,Graf
stephanomeria malheurensis,malheur wire lettuce
stephanotis floribunda,Madagascar jasmine
stephanus johannes paulus kruger,Kruger
stephead,dropline
stephen a. douglas,Douglas
stephen arnold douglas,Douglas
stephen butler leacock,Leacock
stephen collins foster,Foster
stephen crane,Crane
stephen decatur,Decatur
stephen foster,Foster
stephen girard,Girard
stephen grover cleveland,Cleveland
stephen hawking,Hawking
stephen jay gould,Gould
stephen leacock,Leacock
stephen michael reich,Reich
stephen samuel wise,Wise
stephen sondheim,Sondheim
stephen spender,Spender
stephen vincent benet,Benet
stephen william hawking,Hawking
stepladder,step ladder
stepped line,dropline
stepper,hoofer
stepping down,abdication
stepping motor,stepper
steps,stairs
stepsister,half sister
steradian,sr
stercobilinogen,urobilinogen
stercolith,coprolith
stercorarius parasiticus,parasitic jaeger
sterculia acerifolia,flame tree
sterculia apetala,Panama tree
sterculia family,Sterculiaceae
sterculia foetida,kalumpang
sterculia gum,karaya gum
sterculia rupestris,Queensland bottletree
stereo system,stereo
stereophonic system,stereo
stereophony,stereo
stereoscopic photograph,stereo
stereoscopic picture,stereo
stereoscopic vision,stereoscopy
stereoscopy,stereoscopic vision
sterileness,asepsis
sterilisation,sterilization
steriliser,autoclave
sterility,asepsis
sterilization,sterilisation
sterilizer,autoclave
sterling area,sterling bloc
sterling bloc,sterling area
sterna hirundo,sea swallow
sternness,strictness
sternocleido mastoideus,sternocleidomastoid
sternocleidomastoid,sternocleidomastoid muscle
sternocleidomastoid muscle,sternocleidomastoid
sternocleidomastoid vein,vena sternocleidomastoidea
sternum,breastbone
sternutation,sneeze
sternutator,sternutatory
steroid,steroid hormone
steroid alcohol,sterol
steroid hormone,steroid
sterol,steroid alcohol
stertor,snore
stetson,fedora
steve martin,Martin
steve reich,Reich
stevedore,loader
steven spielberg,Spielberg
steven weinberg,Weinberg
stevens' power law,Stevens' law
stew,fret
steward,flight attendant
stewardess,air hostess
stewing,boiling
stewing pan,stewpan
stewpan,stewing pan
sth,somatotropin
sticherus flabellatus,umbrella fern
stick,control stick
stick insect,walking stick
stick shift,standard transmission
stickball,stickball game
stickball game,stickball
sticker,spine
sticking plaster,plaster
stickleback,prickleback
sticktight,bur marigold
sticktight flea,sticktight
stickup,armed robbery
stickup man,holdup man
sticky aster,Machaeranthera bigelovii
sticky bun,honey bun
sticky geranium,Geranium viscosissimum
stictopelia cuneata,Australian turtledove
stiff aster,Aster linarifolius
stiff gentian,agueweed
stiffening,rigidifying
stiffness,awkwardness
stifle,knee
stifler,smotherer
stigma,mark
stigmata,stigma
stigmatisation,stigmatization
stigmatist,stigmatic
stigmatization,stigmatisation
stilbesterol,diethylstilbesterol
stilbestrol,diethylstilbestrol
stilboestrol,diethylstilbestrol
stiletto heel,spike heel
still hunt,stalk
still room,stillroom
stillbirth,spontaneous abortion
stillness,hush
stillroom,still room
stilt,pile
stilt plover,stilt
stiltbird,stilt
stimulant drug,stimulant
stimulation,stimulus
stimulus,stimulation
stimulus generalisation,generalization
stimulus generalization,generalization
sting,stinging
stingaree-bush,chaparral pea
stinger,cut
stinging nettle,Urtica dioica
stink,malodor
stink bell,Fritillaria agrestis
stink bomb,stench bomb
stink fly,green lacewing
stinkbird,hoatzin
stinker,rotter
stinkhorn,carrion fungus
stinkiness,malodorousness
stinking bean trefoil,bean trefoil
stinking cedar,stinking yew
stinking chamomile,mayweed
stinking clover,Rocky Mountain bee plant
stinking elder,American red elder
stinking gladwyn,stinking iris
stinking goosefoot,Chenopodium vulvaria
stinking hellebore,bear's foot
stinking horehound,black horehound
stinking iris,gladdon
stinking mayweed,mayweed
stinking nightshade,henbane
stinking smut,bunt
stinking wattle,gidgee
stinking weed,coffee senna
stinking yew,stinking cedar
stinkpot,rotter
stinkweed,field pennycress
stinky squid,Pseudocolus fusiformis
stint,stretch
stipendiary magistrate,stipendiary
stipulation,judicial admission
stir,splash
stirrer,scaremonger
stirrup,stirrup iron
stirrup iron,stirrup
stitchery,sewing
stitching,sewing
stitchwort,greater stitchwort
stizolobium,genus Mucuna
stizolobium deeringiana,cowage
stizostedion vitreum,walleye
stm,short-term memory
stochastic variable,random variable
stochasticity,randomness
stock-purchase warrant,warrant
stock-take,stocktake
stock-taker,stocktaker
stock-taking,stocktaking
stock breeder,breeder
stock certificate,stock
stock company,repertory company
stock exchange,stock market
stock farmer,stockman
stock index,stock market index
stock list,inventory
stock market,stock exchange
stock market index,stock index
stock raiser,stockman
stock room,stockroom
stock saddle,Western saddle
stock split,split
stock ticker,ticker
stock warrant,warrant
stockade,concentration camp
stockholder,shareholder
stockholding,stockholdings
stockholdings,stockholding
stockhorn,hornpipe
stockinet,stockinette
stockinette,stockinet
stocking cap,ski cap
stocking filler,stocking stuffer
stocking stuffer,stocking filler
stockman,stock raiser
stockpile,reserve
stockroom,stock room
stocks,stock
stocktake,stock-take
stocktaker,stock-taker
stocktaking,stock-taking
stodginess,stuffiness
stoep,stoop
stogie,stogy
stogy,stogie
stoicism,stolidity
stokehold,stokehole
stokehole,stokehold
stokes' aster,cornflower aster
stokes-adams syndrome,heart block
stokesia laevis,stokes' aster
stolidity,emotionlessness
stolidness,stoicism
stolon,runner
stoma,stomate
stomach,tummy
stomach ache,stomachache
stomach exercise,tummy crunch
stomach flu,gastroenteritis
stomach upset,indigestion
stomachache,stomach ache
stomate,stoma
stomatopod,stomatopod crustacean
stomatopod crustacean,stomatopod
stomper,stamper
stone's throw,step
stone-face,lithops
stone-root,horse balm
stone bass,wreckfish
stone bramble,Rubus saxatilis
stone crab,Menippe mercenaria
stone cress,stonecress
stone curlew,thick-knee
stone drill,bore bit
stone facing,revetment
stone fly,stonefly
stone fruit,drupe
stone life face,lithops
stone marten,beech marten
stone mimicry plant,living granite
stone parsley,Sison amomum
stone pine,umbrella pine
stone pit,pit
stone plant,lithops
stone root,horse balm
stonechat,Saxicola torquata
stonecress,stone cress
stonecrop family,Crassulaceae
stonecutter,cutter
stoneface,lithops
stonefish,Synanceja verrucosa
stonefly,stone fly
stonemason,mason
stoner,lapidator
stoneroot,horse balm
stonewall jackson,Jackson
stoning,lapidation
stony coral,madrepore
stony tunguska,Tunguska
stooge,flunky
stool,fecal matter
stool pigeon,fink
stool test,fecal occult test
stoolie,fink
stoolpigeon,fink
stoop,stoup
stop,halt
stop-loss order,stop order
stop bath,short-stop
stop consonant,stop
stop number,focal ratio
stop order,stop-loss order
stop watch,stopwatch
stopcock,cock
stopgap,makeshift
stoplight,brake light
stopover,way station
stoppage,arrest
stopper,show-stopper
stopping,fillet
stopping point,finale
stopple,plug
stops,Michigan
stopwatch,stop watch
storage,storehouse
storage-battery grid,grid
storage allocation,allocation
storage area,cargo area
storage battery,accumulator
storage cell,secondary cell
storage device,memory device
storage locker,cabinet
storage medium,data-storage medium
storage room,storeroom
storage tank,tank
storage warehouse,warehouse
storax family,Styracaceae
store,shop
store cheese,rat cheese
storefront,shopfront
storehouse,depot
storekeeper,shopkeeper
storeria occipitamaculata,red-bellied snake
storeroom,storage room
storey,floor
storksbill,heron's bill
storm,violent storm
storm cellar,cyclone cellar
storm center,storm centre
storm centre,storm center
storm lamp,hurricane lamp
storm lantern,hurricane lamp
storm sash,storm window
storm troops,SA
storm window,storm sash
stormy petrel,northern storm petrel
story,narrative
storyline,plot line
storyteller,narrator
stoup,stoop
stoutness,stalwartness
stove,kitchen stove
stove poker,poker
stovepipe,dress hat
stowage,storeroom
stowing,stowage
strabismus,squint
strad,Stradavarius
straddle,span
stradivarius,Stradivari
straggler,strayer
straight-fluted drill,straight flute
straight-line method,straight-line method of depreciation
straight-line method of depreciation,straight-line method
straight and narrow,strait and narrow
straight arch,flat arch
straight arrow,square shooter
straight chair,side chair
straight flute,straight-fluted drill
straight life insurance,whole life insurance
straight man,second banana
straight person,heterosexual
straight shooter,square shooter
straight sinus,tentorial sinus
straight thrust,lunge
straightforwardness,downrightness
straightjacket,straitjacket
straightness,directness
strain,stress
strain gage,strain gauge
strain gauge,strain gage
strainer vine,luffa
strait and narrow,straight and narrow
strait of calais,Strait of Dover
strait of ormuz,Strait of Hormuz
straitjacket,straightjacket
straits,pass
strake,wale
strand,chain
strand wolf,brown hyena
strange attractor,chaotic attractor
strange quark,squark
strangeness,unfamiliarity
stranger,alien
stranglehold,chokehold
strangler,strangler tree
strangler fig,golden fig
strangler tree,strangler
strangles,equine distemper
strangling,choking
strangulation,choking
strap,shoulder strap
strap hinge,joint hinge
strapado,strappado
strappado,strapado
strapper,bull
strassburg,Strasbourg
stratagem,ploy
strategian,strategist
strategist,strategian
strategy,scheme
stratford-upon-avon,Stratford-on-Avon
stratification,social stratification
stratified sample,representative sample
stratified sampling,representative sampling
stratocracy,military government
stratum,class
stratum basale,stratum germinativum
stratum corneum,corneum
stratum germinativum,stratum basale
stratus,stratus cloud
stratus cloud,stratus
strauss the elder,Strauss
strauss the younger,Strauss
straw boss,assistant foreman
straw foxglove,yellow foxglove
straw hat,boater
straw man,front man
straw mushroom,Chinese mushroom
straw poll,straw vote
straw vote,straw poll
strawberry,strawberry mark
strawberry-shrub family,Calycanthaceae
strawberry blite,strawberry pigweed
strawberry bush,wahoo
strawberry geranium,strawberry saxifrage
strawberry guava,guava
strawberry haemangioma,strawberry hemangioma
strawberry hemangioma,strawberry haemangioma
strawberry jam,strawberry preserves
strawberry mark,strawberry
strawberry pigweed,strawberry blite
strawberry preserves,strawberry jam
strawberry saxifrage,strawberry geranium
strawberry shrub,Carolina allspice
strawberry tomato,dwarf cape gooseberry
strawberry tree,Irish strawberry
strawflower,cornflower
strawman,front man
strawworm,caddisworm
strayer,straggler
streak,run
stream,watercourse
stream orchid,chatterbox
streambed,creek bed
streamer,banner
streamlet,rivulet
street arab,gamin
street child,waif
street cleaner,street sweeper
street corner,corner
street cred,street credibility
street credibility,street cred
street drug,drug of abuse
street fighter,tough
street girl,streetwalker
street lamp,streetlight
street organ,barrel organ
street person,dosser
street sweeper,street cleaner
street theater,guerrilla theater
street urchin,guttersnipe
streetcar,tram
streetcar track,tramline
streetlight,street lamp
streetwalker,street girl
strekelia formosissima,Jacobean lily
strelitzia family,Strelitziaceae
strelitzia reginae,bird of paradise
strength,military capability
strengthener,reinforcement
strenuosity,athleticism
strenuousness,arduousness
strep throat,streptococcal sore throat
strepsiceros,Tragelaphus
streptococcal sore throat,strep throat
streptococci,streptococcus
streptococcus,streptococci
streptococcus tonsilitis,streptococcal sore throat
streptomyces scabies,potato scab bacteria
streptopelia risoria,ringdove
streptosolen jamesonii,marmalade bush
stress,emphasis
stress fracture,fatigue fracture
stretch reflex,myotactic reflex
stretchability,stretch
stretcher,capstone
stretcher-bearer,litter-bearer
stretchiness,stretch
stretching,stretch
strewing,scatter
stria,striation
striate area,striate cortex
striate body,corpus striatum
striate cortex,striate area
striate vein,inferior thalamostriate vein
striated muscle,skeletal muscle
striated muscle cell,striated muscle fiber
striated muscle fiber,striated muscle cell
striation,stria
striatum,corpus striatum
strictness,stringency
stricture,stenosis
stride,pace
stridence,shrillness
stridency,shrillness
strife,discord
strike,work stoppage
strikebreaker,scab
striker,hitter
strikingness,salience
string,twine
string bass,bass fiddle
string line,balkline
string of beads,beads
string of words,word string
string quartet,string quartette
string quartette,string quartet
string section,strings
stringency,tightness
strings,string section
stringybark pine,Callitris parlatorei
strip,slip
strip-jack-naked,beggar-my-neighbor
strip mining,opencast mining
strip show,strip
strip steak,New York strip
stripe,band
striped bass,striper
striped button quail,Turnix sylvatica
striped coral root,Corallorhiza striata
striped dogwood,moosewood
striped drum,Equetus pulcher
striped gentian,Gentiana villosa
striped hyena,Hyaena hyaena
striped killifish,mayfish
striped maple,moosewood
striped marlin,Makaira mitsukurii
striped muishond,Ictonyx striata
striped mullet,Mugil cephalus
striped racer,California whipsnake
striped skunk,Mephitis mephitis
striped squirrel,eastern chipmunk
striped violet,pale violet
striper,striped bass
stripes,chevron
stripling,adolescent
stripper,stemmer
stripper well,stripper
stripping,denudation
striptease,stripper
striptease artist,stripper
stripteaser,stripper
striver,slave
striving,nisus
strix aluco,tawny owl
strix nebulosa,great grey owl
strix occidentalis,spotted owl
strix varia,barred owl
strizostedion vitreum glaucum,blue pike
strobe,stroboscope
strobe light,stroboscope
strobile,cone
strobilomyces floccopus,old-man-of-the-woods
strobilus,cone
stroboscope,strobe
stroke,shot
stroke play,medal play
stroking,stroke
stroll,amble
stroller,saunterer
stromateid,butterfish
stromateid fish,butterfish
strombus gigas,giant conch
strong-armer,hood
strong belief,conviction
strong drink,liquor
strong force,strong interaction
strong interaction,strong force
strong point,forte
strong suit,forte
strongbox,deedbox
stronghold,fastness
strongylodon macrobotrys,jade vine
strontium,Sr
structural anthropology,structuralism
structural linguistics,structuralism
structural sociology,structuralism
structuralism,structural linguistics
structure,construction
struggle,battle
struma,goiter
strumpet,adulteress
strut,prance
struthio camelus,ostrich
stuart davis,Davis
stub,nub
stubbiness,squatness
stubble,chaff
stubbornness,obstinacy
stud,he-man
stud mare,broodmare
stud poker,stud
student,pupil
student lodging,hostel
student nurse,probationer
student residence,dormitory
student teacher,practice teacher
studhorse,stud
studio,studio apartment
studio apartment,studio
studio couch,day bed
study,survey
studying,perusal
stuff,material
stuff and nonsense,stuff
stuff shot,dunk
stuffed derma,kishke
stuffed egg,deviled egg
stuffed grape leaves,dolmas
stuffed tomato,cold stuffed tomato
stuffer,taxidermist
stuffiness,closeness
stuffing,dressing
stuffing box,packing box
stuffing nut,packing nut
stultification,befooling
stumble,lurch
stumblebum,palooka
stumbler,tripper
stump,tree stump
stump spud,spud
stumper,poser
stumpknocker,spotted sunfish
stun baton,stun gun
stun gun,stun baton
stunner,smasher
stunt flier,barnstormer
stunt flying,acrobatics
stunt kite,sport kite
stunt man,double
stunt pilot,barnstormer
stunt woman,double
stuntedness,puniness
stunting,acrobatics
stupa,tope
stupe,stupid
stupefaction,grogginess
stupid person,stupid
stupidity,betise
stupor,daze
sturm und drang,turbulence
sturmabteilung,SA
sturnella magna,eastern meadowlark
sturnella neglecta,western meadowlark
sturnus vulgaris,common starling
sturt's desert pea,desert pea
sturt pea,desert pea
stutter,stammer
stutterer,stammerer
sty,stye
stye,sty
style,manner
style of architecture,architectural style
stylemark,hallmark
styler,hairdresser
stylisation,stylization
stylishness,chic
stylist,hairdresser
stylization,stylisation
stylomastoid vein,vena stylomastoidea
stylomecon heterophyllum,wind poppy
stylophorum diphyllum,celandine poppy
stylostixis,acupuncture
stylus,style
stylus printer,wire matrix printer
stymie,stymy
stymy,stymie
styphelia humifusum,native cranberry
styphelia triflora,pink fivecorner
stypsis,astringency
styptic weed,coffee senna
styracosaur,styracosaurus
styracosaurus,styracosaur
styrax family,Styracaceae
styrax japonicum,Japanese snowbell
styrax obassia,snowbell
styrax texana,Texas snowbell
styrene,cinnamene
suasion,persuasion
suaveness,suavity
suavity,suaveness
sub,bomber
subacute inclusion body encephalitis,subacute sclerosing panencephalitis
subacute sclerosing leukoencephalitis,subacute sclerosing panencephalitis
subacute sclerosing panencephalitis,SSPE
subalpine fir,Alpine fir
subalpine larch,Larix lyallii
subatomic particle,particle
subbing,substituting
subclass acnidosporidia,Acnidosporidia
subclass actinopoda,Actinopoda
subclass alismatidae,Alismatidae
subclass amphineura,Amphineura
subclass anapsida,Anapsida
subclass archaeornithes,Archaeornithes
subclass archosauria,Archosauria
subclass arecidae,Arecidae
subclass asteridae,Asteridae
subclass branchiopoda,Branchiopoda
subclass caryophyllidae,Caryophyllidae
subclass cirripedia,Cirripedia
subclass cnidosporidia,Cnidosporidia
subclass commelinidae,Commelinidae
subclass copepoda,Copepoda
subclass crossopterygii,Crossopterygii
subclass diapsida,Diapsida
subclass dibranchia,Dibranchiata
subclass dibranchiata,Dibranchiata
subclass dilleniidae,Dilleniidae
subclass dipnoi,Dipnoi
subclass discomycetes,Discomycetes
subclass elasmobranchii,Elasmobranchii
subclass entomostraca,Entomostraca
subclass euascomycetes,Euascomycetes
subclass euryalida,Euryalida
subclass eutheria,Eutheria
subclass exopterygota,Exopterygota
subclass hamamelidae,Hamamelidae
subclass heterobasidiomycetes,Heterobasidiomycetes
subclass holocephali,Holocephali
subclass homobasidiomycetes,Homobasidiomycetes
subclass infusoria,Infusoria
subclass lepidosauria,Lepidosauria
subclass liliidae,Liliidae
subclass magnoliidae,Magnoliidae
subclass malacostraca,Malacostraca
subclass metatheria,Metatheria
subclass ophiurida,Ophiurida
subclass opisthobranchia,Opisthobranchia
subclass ostracoda,Ostracoda
subclass pantotheria,Pantotheria
subclass phytomastigina,Phytomastigina
subclass prototheria,Prototheria
subclass rhizopoda,Rhizopoda
subclass rosidae,Rosidae
subclass selachii,Elasmobranchii
subclass synapsida,Synapsida
subclass teleostei,Teleostei
subclass telosporidia,Telosporidia
subclass zoomastigina,Zoomastigina
subclavian artery,arteria subclavia
subclavian vein,vena subclavia
subcompact,subcompact car
subcompact car,subcompact
subconscious mind,subconscious
subcutaneous test,intradermal test
subdivision,branch
subdivision ascomycota,Ascomycota
subdivision ascomycotina,Ascomycota
subdivision basidiomycota,Basidiomycota
subdivision basidiomycotina,Basidiomycota
subdivision coniferophytina,Coniferopsida
subdivision cycadophyta,Cycadopsida
subdivision cycadophytina,Cycadopsida
subdivision deuteromycota,Deuteromycota
subdivision deuteromycotina,Deuteromycota
subdivision ginkgophyta,Ginkgopsida
subdivision ginkgophytina,Ginkgopsida
subdivision gnetophytina,Gnetopsida
subdivision mastigomycota,Mastigomycota
subdivision mastigomycotina,Mastigomycota
subdivision pinophytina,Pinopsida
subdivision pteropsida,Pteropsida
subdivision taxophytina,Taxopsida
subdivision zygomycota,Zygomycota
subdivision zygomycotina,Zygomycota
subduedness,dimness
subduer,surmounter
suberic acid,octanedioic acid
subfamily acoraceae,Acoraceae
subfamily anserinae,Anserinae
subfamily bassariscidae,Bassariscidae
subfamily bovinae,Bovinae
subfamily cabombaceae,Cabombaceae
subfamily caesalpinioideae,Caesalpinioideae
subfamily carduelinae,Carduelinae
subfamily carpinaceae,Carpinaceae
subfamily cetoniidae,Cetoniidae
subfamily corylaceae,Corylaceae
subfamily dorylinae,Dorylinae
subfamily dracaenaceae,Dracenaceae
subfamily dracenaceae,Dracenaceae
subfamily emberizidae,Emberizidae
subfamily emberizinae,Emberizidae
subfamily garrulinae,Garrulinae
subfamily gerbillinae,Gerbillinae
subfamily hydromyinae,Hydromyinae
subfamily loriinae,Loriinae
subfamily lutrinae,Lutrinae
subfamily malaconotinae,Malaconotinae
subfamily melinae,Melinae
subfamily melolonthidae,Melolonthidae
subfamily mephitinae,Mephitinae
subfamily merginae,Merginae
subfamily mimosoideae,Mimosoideae
subfamily nelumbonaceae,Nelumbonaceae
subfamily numididae,Numididae
subfamily numidinae,Numididae
subfamily papilionoideae,Papilionoideae
subfamily perdicidae,Perdicidae
subfamily perdicinae,Perdicidae
subfamily peristediinae,Peristediinae
subfamily petauristidae,Petauristidae
subfamily philadelphaceae,Philadelphaceae
subfamily potoroinae,Potoroinae
subfamily pythoninae,Pythoninae
subfamily smilacaceae,Smilacaceae
subfamily sterninae,Sterninae
subfamily sylviinae,Sylviinae
subfamily taxodiaceae,Taxodiaceae
subfamily triglinae,Triglinae
subfamily turdinae,Turdinae
subfamily uvulariaceae,Uvulariaceae
subgenus azaleastrum,subgenus Azalea
subgenus chen,Chen
subgenus pastor,Pastor
subgenus poinciana,Poinciana
subhead,subheading
subheading,subhead
subject area,discipline
subject case,nominative
subject field,discipline
subject matter,message
subjection,subjugation
subjectiveness,subjectivity
subjectivity,subjectiveness
subjoining,supplementation
subjugation,subjection
subjunction,supplementation
subjunctive mood,subjunctive
subkingdom metazoa,Metazoa
subkingdom parazoa,Parazoa
sublease,sublet
sublet,sublease
sublimaze,Fentanyl
sublime porte,Porte
sublingual gland,sublingual salivary gland
sublingual salivary gland,sublingual gland
sublingual vein,vena sublingualis
submandibular gland,submaxillary gland
submandibular salivary gland,submaxillary gland
submarine ball,submarine pitch
submarine earthquake,seaquake
submarine pitch,submarine ball
submarine sandwich,bomber
submaxilla,lower jaw
submaxillary gland,submaxillary salivary gland
submaxillary salivary gland,submaxillary gland
submenu,hierarchical menu
submergence,submerging
submerging,submergence
submersible warship,submersible
submersion,submergence
submission,entry
subnormality,retardation
suborder alcyonacea,Alcyonacea
suborder anisoptera,Anisoptera
suborder anseres,Anseres
suborder anthropoidea,Anthropoidea
suborder blattaria,Blattodea
suborder blattodea,Blattodea
suborder blennioidea,Blennioidea
suborder brachyura,Brachyura
suborder carnosaura,Carnosaura
suborder cephalaspida,Osteostraci
suborder ceratopsia,Ceratopsia
suborder charadrii,Charadrii
suborder clamatores,Clamatores
suborder euronithopoda,Euronithopoda
suborder eurylaimi,Eurylaimi
suborder gorgonacea,Gorgonacea
suborder gorgoniacea,Gorgonacea
suborder heteroptera,Heteroptera
suborder heterostraci,Heterostraci
suborder homoptera,Homoptera
suborder hyperoartia,Petromyzoniformes
suborder hyperotreta,Myxiniformes
suborder hystricomorpha,Hystricomorpha
suborder lacertilia,Sauria
suborder lari,Lari
suborder lemuroidea,Lemuroidea
suborder limicolae,Limicolae
suborder lipotyphla,Lipotyphla
suborder maniraptora,Maniraptora
suborder manteodea,Manteodea
suborder marginocephalia,Marginocephalia
suborder megachiroptera,Megachiroptera
suborder megaloptera,Megaloptera
suborder menotyphla,Menotyphla
suborder menurae,Menurae
suborder microchiroptera,Microchiroptera
suborder mugiloidea,Mugiloidea
suborder myomorpha,Myomorpha
suborder mysticeti,Mysticeti
suborder myxiniformes,Myxiniformes
suborder myxinoidei,Myxiniformes
suborder natantia,Natantia
suborder nematocera,Nematocera
suborder nothosauria,Nothosauria
suborder odontoceti,Odontoceti
suborder ophidia,Serpentes
suborder ornithomimida,Ornithomimida
suborder ornithopoda,Euronithopoda
suborder oscines,Oscines
suborder osteostraci,Osteostraci
suborder otides,Otides
suborder passeres,Oscines
suborder percoidea,Percoidea
suborder petromyzoniformes,Petromyzoniformes
suborder pinnipedia,Pinnipedia
suborder plesiosauria,Plesiosauria
suborder prosauropoda,Prosauropoda
suborder prosimii,Prosimii
suborder reptantia,Reptantia
suborder ruminantia,Ruminantia
suborder sauria,Sauria
suborder sauropoda,Sauropoda
suborder sauropodomorpha,Sauropodomorpha
suborder sciuromorpha,Sciuromorpha
suborder scombroidea,Scombroidea
suborder scorpaenoidea,Scorpaenoidea
suborder serpentes,Serpentes
suborder strepsirhini,Strepsirhini
suborder tarsioidea,Tarsioidea
suborder theropoda,Theropoda
suborder thyreophora,Thyreophora
suborder tyranni,Tyranni
suborder xenarthra,Xenarthra
suborder zygoptera,Zygoptera
subordinate clause,dependent clause
subordinate conjunction,subordinating conjunction
subordinate word,hyponym
subordinateness,subsidiarity
subordinating conjunction,subordinate conjunction
subordination,hyponymy
suborner,briber
subphylum cephalochordata,Cephalochordata
subphylum craniata,Vertebrata
subphylum pentastomida,Pentastomida
subphylum tunicata,Urochordata
subphylum urochorda,Urochordata
subphylum urochordata,Urochordata
subphylum vertebrata,Vertebrata
subpoena,subpoena ad testificandum
subpoena ad testificandum,subpoena
subprogram,routine
subroutine,routine
subroutine library,library
subscriber,endorser
subscriber line,telephone line
subsection,subdivision
subsequence,sequel
subsequentness,posteriority
subservience,subservientness
subservientness,subservience
subshrub,suffrutex
subsidence,remission
subsidiarity,subordinateness
subsidiary company,subsidiary
subsiding,settling
subsidisation,subsidization
subsidiser,subsidizer
subsidization,subsidisation
subsidizer,subsidiser
subsister,survivor
subsoil,undersoil
subspecies,race
substance,kernel
substance abuse,drug abuse
substance abuser,drug user
substantia alba,white matter
substantia grisea,grey matter
substantia nigra,nucleus niger
substantiality,substantialness
substantialness,substantiality
substantiation,confirmation
substantive dye,direct dye
substitutability,replaceability
substituting,subbing
substitution,permutation
substitution class,paradigm
substrate,substratum
substratum,substrate
substructure,infrastructure
subsumption,minor premise
subterfuge,blind
subtitle,caption
subtlety,nuance
subtonic,leading tone
subtraction,minus
subtropics,semitropics
subularia aquatica,awlwort
subunit,fractional monetary unit
suburb,suburbia
suburban area,suburb
suburbia,suburb
subversion,corruption
subversive activity,subversion
subversiveness,treason
subverter,revolutionist
subvocaliser,subvocalizer
subvocalizer,subvocaliser
subway,metro
subway system,metro
succade,candied fruit
succeeder,achiever
success,achiever
successfulness,prosperity
succession,sequence
successiveness,sequence
successor,replacement
succinctness,conciseness
succor,relief
succorer,succourer
succory,chicory
succos,Succoth
succour,relief
succourer,succorer
succuba,succubus
succubus,succuba
succulence,succulency
succulency,succulence
succus,juice
suck,sucking
sucker,chump
suckerfish,remora
sucking,suck
sucking fish,remora
sucking louse,louse
suckling pig,cochon de lait
sucralfate,Carafate
sucrase,invertase
sucrose,saccharose
suction,sucking
suction curettage,vacuum aspiration
suction lipectomy,liposuction
suction stop,click
sudafed,naphazoline
sudation,perspiration
sudatorium,sudatory
sudatory,sudorific
sudden infant death syndrome,SIDS
suddenness,abruptness
sudor,perspiration
sudoriferous gland,sweat gland
sudra,Shudra
suds,soapsuds
suede,suede leather
suede cloth,suede
suede glove,kid glove
suede leather,suede
suer,suitor
sufferance,toleration
sufferer,sick person
sufficiency,enough
suffix,postfix
suffix notation,postfix notation
suffocation,asphyxiation
suffragan,suffragan bishop
suffragan bishop,suffragan
suffrage,right to vote
suffrutex,subshrub
suffusion,permeation
sugar,refined sugar
sugar-bush,sugar sumac
sugar apple,sweetsop
sugar cane,sugarcane
sugar corn,sweet corn
sugar loaf,sugarloaf
sugar maple,rock maple
sugar of lead,lead acetate
sugar palm,gomuti
sugar pea,snow pea
sugar ray robinson,Robinson
sugar shell,sugar spoon
sugar snap pea,snap pea
sugar sorghum,sorgo
sugar spoon,sugar shell
sugar sumac,sugar-bush
sugarberry,Celtis laevigata
sugarcane,sugar cane
sugariness,sweet
sugarloaf,sugar loaf
suggester,proposer
suggestion,proposition
sugi,Japanese cedar
suicide,self-destruction
suicide mission,martyr operation
suicide squeeze,suicide squeeze play
suicide squeeze play,suicide squeeze
suisse,Switzerland
suit,suit of clothes
suit of armor,body armor
suit of armour,body armor
suit of clothes,suit
suitability,suitableness
suitableness,suitability
suitcase,bag
suite,rooms
suitor,suer
sukkoth,Succoth
suksdorfia violaceae,violet suksdorfia
sula bassana,solan
sulamyd,sulfacetamide
sulawesi,Celebes
sulcus centralis,fissure of Rolando
sulcus lateralis cerebri,fissure of Sylvius
sulfa,sulfa drug
sulfa drug,sulfa
sulfacetamide,Sulamyd
sulfamethazine,sulfamezathine
sulfamethoxazole,Gantanol
sulfamezathine,sulfamethazine
sulfanilic acid,sulphanilic acid
sulfate,sulphate
sulfide,sulphide
sulfisoxazole,Gantrisin
sulfonamide,sulfa drug
sulfonic acid,sulphonic acid
sulfur,S
sulfur bacteria,thiobacteria
sulfur bottom,blue whale
sulfur butterfly,sulphur butterfly
sulfur dioxide,sulphur dioxide
sulfur hexafluoride,sulphur hexafluoride
sulfur mine,sulphur mine
sulfur mustard,mustard gas
sulfur oxide,sulphur oxide
sulfur paintbrush,Castilleja sulphurea
sulfuric acid,vitriol
sulindac,Clinoril
sulk,sulkiness
sulkiness,sulk
sulla,French honeysuckle
sullenness,moroseness
sulpha,sulfa drug
sulphanilic acid,sulfanilic acid
sulphate,sulfate
sulphide,sulfide
sulphonic acid,sulfonic acid
sulphur,sulfur
sulphur-crested cockatoo,Kakatoe galerita
sulphur bacteria,thiobacteria
sulphur butterfly,sulfur butterfly
sulphur dioxide,sulfur dioxide
sulphur hexafluoride,sulfur hexafluoride
sulphur mine,sulfur mine
sulphur oxide,sulfur oxide
sulphuric acid,vitriol
sultan,grand Turk
sultan of swat,Ruth
sultana,seedless raisin
sultanate of oman,Oman
sum,sum of money
sum-up,summary
sum of money,sum
sum total,sum
sumac,sumach
sumac family,Anacardiaceae
sumach,sumac
summarisation,summarization
summarization,summarisation
summary judgement,summary judgment
summary judgment,summary judgement
summary treatment,short shrift
summation,summing up
summer,summertime
summer camp,camp
summer cohosh,American bugbane
summer crookneck,crookneck
summer cypress,burning bush
summer damask rose,damask rose
summer duck,wood duck
summer flounder,Paralichthys dentatus
summer haw,mayhaw
summer hyacinth,cape hyacinth
summer redbird,summer tanager
summer savory,Satureja hortensis
summer savoury,summer savory
summer snowflake,starflower
summer solstice,June 21
summer squash,summer squash vine
summer squash vine,summer squash
summer sweet,sweet pepperbush
summer tanager,summer redbird
summercater,sport
summercaters,sport
summerhouse,gazebo
summersault,somersault
summerset,somersault
summertime,summer
summing up,summation
summit,acme
summit meeting,summit
summoning,evocation
summons,bidding
sump,cesspool
sumpter,pack animal
sumptuosity,lavishness
sumptuousness,luxury
sun-ray,sunray
sun-ray lamp,sunlamp
sun-worship,heliolatry
sun blocker,sunscreen
sun hat,sunhat
sun helmet,pith hat
sun king,Louis XIV
sun lamp,sunlamp
sun lounge,sun parlor
sun marigold,cape marigold
sun myung moon,Moon
sun parlor,sun parlour
sun parlour,sun parlor
sun plant,rose moss
sun porch,sun parlor
sun protection factor,SPF
sun rose,helianthemum
sun spurge,wartweed
sun yixian,Sun Yat-sen
sunbeam,sunray
sunberry,garden huckleberry
sunblind,awning
sunblock,sunscreen
sunburn,tan
sunburst pleat,sunray pleat
sunchoke,Jerusalem artichoke
sundae,ice-cream sundae
sunday clothes,Sunday best
sunday punch,haymaker
sundew,sundew plant
sundew family,Droseraceae
sundew plant,sundew
sundial lupine,wild lupine
sundog,parhelion
sundown,sunset
sundrops,Oenothera fruticosa
sunfish,ocean sunfish
sunflower,helianthus
sunflower-seed oil,sunflower oil
sunflower oil,sunflower-seed oil
sunflower state,Kansas
sung dynasty,Sung
sunglasses,dark glasses
sunhat,sun hat
sunk fence,ha-ha
sunken arch,fallen arch
sunlamp,sun lamp
sunlight,sunshine
sunna,Sunnah
sunni,Sunnite
sunni islam,Sunni
sunni muslim,Sunnite
sunniness,cheerfulness
sunporch,sun parlor
sunray,sunbeam
sunray lamp,sunlamp
sunray pleat,sunburst pleat
sunroof,sunshine-roof
sunroom,sun parlor
sunrose,helianthemum
sunscreen,sunblock
sunshade,awning
sunshine,sunlight
sunshine-roof,sunroof
sunshine state,Florida
sunspot,macula
sunstone,aventurine
sunstroke,insolation
suntan,tan
suntrap,solar trap
sunup,dawn
suomi,Finland
sup,swallow
super acid,K
super c,K
superabundance,overabundance
superannuation,old-age pension
superannuation fund,pension fund
superbia,pride
superbug,Bemisia tabaci
superciliary arch,supraorbital ridge
superciliary ridge,supraorbital ridge
superciliousness,condescension
supercilium,eyebrow
superclass agnatha,Agnatha
superclass chelicerata,Chelicerata
superclass gnathostomata,Gnathostomata
superfamily aphidoidea,Aphidoidea
superfamily apoidea,Apoidea
superfamily coccoidea,Coccoidea
superfamily hominoidea,Hominoidea
superfamily lamellicornia,Lamellicornia
superfamily muroidea,Muroidea
superfamily muscoidea,Muscoidea
superfamily platyrrhini,Platyrrhini
superfamily sphecoidea,Sphecoidea
superfamily tineoidea,Tineoidea
superfamily tyrannidae,Tyrannidae
superficial epigastric vein,vena epigastrica superficialis
superficiality,shallowness
superfluity,overplus
superfund,Superfund program
superfund site,toxic site
supergrass,grass
superhet,heterodyne receiver
superheterodyne receiver,heterodyne receiver
superhigh frequency,SHF
superhighway,expressway
superintendence,supervision
superintendent,overseer
superior alveolar artery,arteria alveolaris superior
superior cerebral vein,vena cerebrum superior
superior epigastric veins,venae epigastricae superiores
superior general,general
superior labial artery,arteria labialis superior
superior labial vein,vena labialis superior
superior pulmonary vein,vena pulmonalis superior
superior rectus,superior rectus muscle
superior rectus muscle,superior rectus
superior vena cava,precava
superior vocal cord,false vocal cord
superiority,high quality
superlative degree,superlative
superload,live load
superman,demigod
supermarketeer,supermarketer
supermarketer,supermarketeer
supermex,Trevino
supermolecule,macromolecule
supernatural being,spiritual being
supernatural virtue,theological virtue
supernaturalism,supernaturalness
supernaturalness,supernaturalism
superorder acanthopterygii,Acanthopterygii
superorder labyrinthodonta,Labyrinthodontia
superorder labyrinthodontia,Labyrinthodontia
superorder malacopterygii,Malacopterygii
superorder ratitae,Ratitae
superordinate word,hypernym
superordination,hypernymy
superoxide,superoxide anion
superoxide anion,superoxide
superoxide dismutase,SOD
superpatriotism,chauvinism
superposition,principle of superposition
superposition principle,principle of superposition
superpower,world power
supersedure,supersession
supersession,supersedure
superslasher,utahraptor
superstar,ace
superstition,superstitious notion
superstitious notion,superstition
superstrate,superstratum
superstratum,superstrate
supertax,surtax
supertitle,surtitle
supervising,supervision
supervision,supervising
supervisor,supervisory program
supervisor call instruction,system call
supervisory program,supervisor
supervisory routine,executive routine
suppertime,dinnertime
supplanter,usurper
supplanting,displacement
supplement,addendum
supplementary benefit,social assistance
supplementation,supplement
suppleness,lissomeness
supplication,invocation
supplier,provider
supply,provision
supply line,supply route
supply route,supply line
supply ship,tender
supplying,provision
support,reinforcement
support hose,support stocking
support stocking,support hose
supporter,protagonist
supporters of islam,Ansar al Islam
supporting players,ensemble
supposal,assumption
supposition,guess
suppressant,appetite suppressant
suppresser,suppressor
suppresser gene,suppressor
suppression,curtailment
suppressor,suppresser
suppressor gene,suppressor
suppurating sore,fester
suppuration,festering
supraorbital ridge,supraorbital torus
supraorbital torus,supraorbital ridge
supraorbital vein,vena supraorbitalis
suprarenal gland,adrenal gland
suprarenalectomy,adrenalectomy
supratrochlear vein,vena supratrochlearis
supremacy,domination
supreme authority,arbiter
supreme being,God
supreme court of the united states,Supreme Court
supreme headquarters,high command
supreme truth,Aum Shinrikyo
sura,calf
surcease,cessation
sure thing,certainty
sureness,assurance
surety,security
surety bond,performance bond
surf,breaker
surf casting,surf fishing
surf fish,yellowfin croaker
surf fishing,surf casting
surface-active agent,wetting agent
surface-to-air missile,SAM
surface area,area
surface assimilation,adsorption
surface gage,surface gauge
surface gauge,surface gage
surface soil,topsoil
surfactant,wetting agent
surfbird,Aphriza virgata
surfboarder,surfer
surfboarding,surfing
surfeit,excess
surfer,surfboarder
surffish,yellowfin croaker
surfing,surfboarding
surfperch,surffish
surfriding,surfing
surge,rush
surge protector,surge suppressor
surge suppressor,surge protector
surgeon,operating surgeon
surgery,operating room
surgical gown,gown
surgical incision,incision
surgical operation,operation
surgical procedure,operation
surgical process,operation
surgical seam,suture
suricata suricatta,slender-tailed meerkat
suricata tetradactyla,suricate
suricate,Suricata tetradactyla
surinam,Suriname
surinam cherry,barbados cherry
surinam river,Suriname River
surliness,temper
surmisal,guess
surmise,guess
surmontil,trimipramine
surmounter,subduer
surmullet,goatfish
surname,family name
surnia ulula,hawk owl
surplusage,excess
surprint,overprint
surprisal,surprise
surprise,surprisal
surprise attack,coup de main
surprisingness,unexpectedness
surrebuttal,surrebutter
surrebutter,surrebuttal
surrender,resignation
surrenderer,yielder
surround,environment
surroundings,milieu
surtax,supertax
surtitle,supertitle
survey,study
surveying instrument,surveyor's instrument
surveyor's instrument,surveying instrument
survival,endurance
survival of the fittest,survival
survivor,subsister
survivorship annuity,reversionary annuity
sus scrofa,wild boar
susa,Sousse
susah,Sousse
susan anthony,Anthony
susan b. anthony,Anthony
susan brownell anthony,Anthony
susan sontag,Sontag
susceptibility,susceptibleness
susceptibleness,susceptibility
susian,Elamitic
susiana,Elam
suslik,souslik
suspender,brace
suspender belt,garter belt
suspension,pause
suspension system,suspension
suspensor,athletic supporter
suspensory,suspensory bandage
suspensory bandage,suspensory
suspicion,intuition
suspiciousness,suspicion
suspiration,sigh
susquehanna river,Susquehanna
sussex university,University of Sussex
sustainer,upholder
sustaining pedal,loud pedal
sustainment,sustenance
sustenance,nutriment
sustentation,sustenance
susurration,susurrus
susurrus,susurration
sutler,victualer
sutura,suture
sutura coronalis,coronal suture
sutura frontalis,frontal suture
sutura intermaxillaris,intermaxillary suture
sutura internasalis,internasal suture
sutura lamboidea,lamboid suture
sutura sagittalis,sagittal suture
sutural bone,Wormian bone
suture,sutura
suv,sport utility
svante august arrhenius,Arrhenius
svedberg,Swedenborg
sverige,Sweden
svizzera,Switzerland
svr,Foreign Intelligence Service
sw,southwest
swab,swob
swabbing,mopping
swaddling bands,swaddling clothes
swaddling clothes,swaddling bands
swag,loot
swage,upset
swaggie,swagman
swagman,swagger
swain,boyfriend
swainsona galegifolia,smooth darling pea
swainsona grandiflora,hairy darling pea
swainsona greyana,hairy darling pea
swallow,sup
swallow-tailed coat,swallowtail
swallow-tailed hawk,swallow-tailed kite
swallow-tailed kite,swallow-tailed hawk
swallow dive,swan dive
swallow hole,sinkhole
swallow shrike,wood swallow
swallow wort,celandine
swallowtail,swallow-tailed coat
swallowwort,blood flower
swamp,swampland
swamp ash,Fraxinus caroliniana
swamp azalea,swamp honeysuckle
swamp bay,sweet bay
swamp birch,water birch
swamp blackberry,swamp dewberry
swamp blueberry,high-bush blueberry
swamp buggy,marsh buggy
swamp candleberry,bayberry
swamp candles,Lysimachia terrestris
swamp chestnut oak,Quercus michauxii
swamp cottonwood,black cottonwood
swamp cypress,bald cypress
swamp dewberry,swamp blackberry
swamp fever,leptospirosis
swamp gum,Eucalypt ovata
swamp hare,swamp rabbit
swamp hickory,bitternut
swamp honeysuckle,swamp azalea
swamp horsetail,water horsetail
swamp laurel,bog laurel
swamp lily,lizard's-tail
swamp locust,water locust
swamp mallow,rose mallow
swamp maple,red maple
swamp milkweed,Asclepias incarnata
swamp oak,Viminaria juncea
swamp plant,marsh plant
swamp poplar,swamp cottonwood
swamp rabbit,marsh hare
swamp red oak,southern red oak
swamp rose mallow,rose mallow
swamp sparrow,Melospiza georgiana
swamp sunflower,Helianthus angustifolius
swamp white oak,swamp oak
swamp willow,black willow
swamphen,gallinule
swampland,swamp
swampy beggar-ticks,Bidens connata
swan-flower,swan orchid
swan-neck,swan orchid
swan dive,swallow dive
swan orchid,swanflower
swan song,last hurrah
swanflower,swan orchid
swanneck,swan orchid
swap,barter
swap file,swap space
swap space,swap file
sward,turf
swarm,drove
swarthiness,darkness
swashbuckler,daredevil
swastika,Hakenkreuz
swat squad,SWAT team
swath,belt
swathe,wrapping
swatter,flyswatter
sway,rock
swayer,ruler
swbs,southwest by south
swbw,southwest by west
swearing,curse
swearword,curse
sweat,perspiration
sweat gland,sudoriferous gland
sweat pants,sweatpants
sweat room,sauna
sweat sock,athletic sock
sweat suit,sweatsuit
sweater,jumper
sweating,perspiration
sweating sickness,miliary fever
sweatpants,sweat pants
sweats,sweat suit
sweatsuit,sweat suit
swedish mile,mile
swedish nightingale,Lind
swedish rye,Swedish rye bread
swedish turnip,rutabaga
sweeney todd,Todd
sweep,expanse
sweep-second,sweep hand
sweep hand,sweep-second
sweep oar,sweep
sweeper,carpet sweeper
sweet-birch oil,methyl salicylate
sweet-scented geranium,rose geranium
sweet acacia,huisache
sweet alison,sweet alyssum
sweet almond,almond
sweet almond oil,almond oil
sweet alyssum,sweet alison
sweet balm,lemon balm
sweet basil,common basil
sweet bay,swamp bay
sweet bells,Leucothoe racemosa
sweet birch,cherry birch
sweet calabash,Passiflora maliformis
sweet calamus,sweet flag
sweet cassava,Manihot dulcis
sweet cherry,Prunus avium
sweet chestnut,European chestnut
sweet cicely,Myrrhis odorata
sweet clover,melilotus
sweet coltsfoot,Petasites sagitattus
sweet corn,sugar corn
sweet corn plant,sweet corn
sweet cup,bell apple
sweet elder,American elder
sweet false chamomile,wild chamomile
sweet fanny adams,bugger all
sweet fern,common polypody
sweet flag,calamus
sweet four o'clock,maravilla
sweet gale,Scotch gale
sweet goldenrod,Blue Mountain tea
sweet granadilla,granadilla
sweet grass,manna grass
sweet gum,satin walnut
sweet gum tree,sweet gum
sweet lemon,sweet lime
sweet lime,sweet lemon
sweet marjoram,knotted marjoram
sweet melon,muskmelon
sweet melon vine,sweet melon
sweet nothings,honeyed words
sweet orange,sweet orange tree
sweet orange tree,sweet orange
sweet pea,sweetpea
sweet pepper,bell pepper
sweet pepper plant,sweet pepper
sweet pepperbush,pepper bush
sweet potato,sweet potato vine
sweet potato vine,sweet potato
sweet reseda,mignonette
sweet rocket,damask violet
sweet roll,coffee roll
sweet sand verbena,Abronia fragrans
sweet scabious,pincushion flower
sweet shrub,Carolina allspice
sweet sorghum,sorgo
sweet sultan,blessed thistle
sweet talk,blarney
sweet talker,smoothie
sweet unicorn plant,Proboscidea fragrans
sweet vermouth,Italian vermouth
sweet vetch,Hedysarum boreale
sweet violet,garden violet
sweet wattle,huisache
sweet white violet,white violet
sweet woodruff,waldmeister
sweet wormwood,Artemisia annua
sweetbread,sweetbreads
sweetbreads,sweetbread
sweetbriar,sweetbrier
sweetbrier,sweetbriar
sweetener,sweetening
sweetening,sweetener
sweetie,sweetheart
sweetleaf,Symplocus tinctoria
sweetleaf family,Symplocaceae
sweetness,sweet
sweetpea,sweet pea
sweetsop,sweetsop tree
sweetsop tree,sweetsop
sweetwood bark,cascarilla bark
swelled head,egotism
swellhead,egotist
swelling,puffiness
swertia perennia,marsh felwort
swertia speciosa,green gentian
swerve,swerving
swerving,swerve
swietinia macrophylla,Honduras mahogany
swietinia mahogani,true mahogany
swiftlet,Collocalia inexpectata
swiftness,speed
swig,gulp
swill,slop
swilling,gulping
swim,swimming
swim bladder,air bladder
swim meet,swimming meet
swimmer,natator
swimmer's itch,schistosome dermatitis
swimmeret,pleopod
swimming bath,swimming pool
swimming cap,bathing cap
swimming costume,swimsuit
swimming meet,swim meet
swimming pool,swimming bath
swimming trunks,bathing trunks
swimsuit,swimwear
swimwear,swimsuit
swindle,cheat
swindler,defrauder
swine flu,swine influenza
swine influenza,swine flu
swineherd,pigman
swing,swinging
swing door,swinging door
swing music,swing
swing shift,evening shift
swing voter,floating voter
swinger,tramp
swinging door,swing door
swinging post,hinging post
swingletree,whiffletree
swirl,whirl
swiss chard,chard
swiss confederation,Switzerland
swiss people,Swiss
swiss roll,jellyroll
swiss stone pine,Swiss pine
switch,electric switch
switch-ivy,dog laurel
switch cane,small cane
switch engine,donkey engine
switch grass,Panicum virgatum
switchblade,switchblade knife
switchblade knife,switchblade
switchboard,patchboard
switchboard operator,telephone operator
switcher,whipper
switching,switch
swither,fret
swivel pin,kingbolt
swob,swab
swoon,faint
swoop,slide
swoosh,whoosh
swop,barter
sword,blade
sword bean,Canavalia gladiata
sword cane,sword stick
sword dance,sword dancing
sword dancing,sword dance
sword lily,gladiolus
sword stick,sword cane
swordfish,Xiphias gladius
swordplay,play
swordsman,fencer
swordtail,helleri
swot,grind
sybarite,voluptuary
sycamore,lacewood
sycamore fig,sycamore
sycophant,toady
sydney pollack,Pollack
sydney silky,silky terrier
syllabary,syllabic script
syllabic script,syllabary
syllabication,syllabification
syllabification,syllabication
syllable structure,morphology
syllabub,sillabub
syllabus,course of study
syllogiser,syllogist
syllogist,syllogizer
syllogizer,syllogist
sylva,silva
sylvanite,graphic tellurium
sylvia communis,greater whitethroat
sylvia curruca,lesser whitethroat
sylvia plath,Plath
sylvian aqueduct,cerebral aqueduct
sylvian fissure,fissure of Sylvius
sylvilagus aquaticus,swamp rabbit
sylvilagus floridanus,eastern cottontail
sylvilagus palustris,marsh hare
sylvine,sylvite
sylvite,sylvine
symbiosis,mutualism
symbol,symbolization
symbol-worship,symbolatry
symbolatry,symbololatry
symbolic logic,mathematical logic
symbolic representation,symbol
symbolisation,symbolization
symboliser,symbolist
symbolising,symbolizing
symbolism,symbolization
symbolist,symbolizer
symbolization,symbolisation
symbolizer,symbolist
symbolizing,symbolising
symbololatry,symbolatry
symmetricalness,symmetry
symmetry,symmetricalness
sympathetic strike,sympathy strike
sympathiser,sympathizer
sympathizer,sympathiser
sympathy,understanding
sympathy strike,sympathetic strike
symphalangus syndactylus,siamang
symphilid,garden centipede
symphonic music,symphony
symphonic poem,tone poem
symphony,symphonic music
symphony orchestra,symphony
symphoricarpos alba,snowberry
symphoricarpos orbiculatus,coralberry
symphytum officinale,common comfrey
symplocarpus foetidus,skunk cabbage
symplocus paniculata,Asiatic sweetleaf
symplocus tinctoria,sweetleaf
symposiarch,toastmaster
synaeresis,syneresis
synaesthesia,synesthesia
synagogue,temple
synagrops bellus,blackmouth bass
synanceja verrucosa,stonefish
synapsid,synapsid reptile
synapsid reptile,synapsid
synaptomys borealis,northern bog lemming
synaptomys cooperi,southern bog lemming
syncarp,aggregate fruit
syncategorem,syncategoreme
syncategoreme,syncategorem
synchro,selsyn
synchroneity,synchronism
synchronicity,synchronism
synchronisation,synchronism
synchroniser,synchroscope
synchronising,synchronization
synchronism,synchrony
synchronization,synchronism
synchronizer,synchroscope
synchronizing,synchronism
synchronoscope,synchroscope
synchronous converter,rotary
synchrony,synchronism
synchroscope,synchronoscope
synchytrium endobioticum,potato wart fungus
syncopation,syncope
syncope,faint
syndactylism,syndactyly
syndactyly,syndactylism
syndicalist,anarchist
syndicate,crime syndicate
synercus caffer,Cape buffalo
syneresis,synaeresis
synergism,synergy
synergy,synergism
synesthesia,synaesthesia
synezesis,synizesis
syngnathus hildebrandi,dwarf pipefish
synizesis,synezesis
synodic month,lunar month
synonym,equivalent word
synonym finder,thesaurus
synonymity,synonymy
synonymousness,synonymy
synonymy,synonymity
synopsis,outline
synoptics,Synoptic Gospels
synovia,synovial fluid
synovial fluid,synovia
synovial joint,articulatio synovialis
synovial membrane,synovium
synovium,synovial membrane
syntactic category,grammatical category
syntactician,grammarian
syntagm,syntagma
syntagma,syntagm
syntax,sentence structure
synthesis,synthetic thinking
synthesiser,synthesist
synthesist,synthesizer
synthesizer,synthesist
synthetic fiber,man-made fiber
synthetic heroin,methadone
synthetic rubber,rubber
synthetic substance,synthetic
synthetic thinking,synthesis
syph,syphilis
syphilis,syph
syphon,siphon
syrian arab republic,Syria
syrian bean caper,bean caper
syrian hamster,golden hamster
syringa,mock orange
syringa amurensis japonica,Japanese tree lilac
syringa emodi,Himalayan lilac
syringa josikaea,Hungarian lilac
syringa josikea,Hungarian lilac
syringa persica,Persian lilac
syringa reticulata,Japanese tree lilac
syringa villosa,Japanese lilac
syringa vulgaris,common lilac
syrinx,panpipe
syrrhaptes paradoxus,pallas's sandgrouse
syrup,sirup
system,scheme
system call,supervisor call instruction
system of logic,logic
system of macrophages,mononuclear phagocyte system
system of measurement,metric
system of numeration,numeration system
system of rules,system
system of weights,weight
system program,systems program
systema alimentarium,digestive system
systema digestorium,digestive system
systema lymphaticum,lymphatic system
systema nervosum,nervous system
systema nervosum centrale,central nervous system
systema nervosum periphericum,peripheral nervous system
systema respiratorium,respiratory system
systema skeletale,skeletal system
systema urogenitale,urogenital system
systematic desensitisation,desensitization technique
systematic desensitization,desensitization technique
systematisation,systematization
systematiser,orderer
systematist,taxonomist
systematization,systematisation
systematizer,orderer
systeme international,Systeme International d'Unites
systemic lupus erythematosus,SLE
systemiser,orderer
systemizer,orderer
systems program,system program
systems software,system program
syzygium aromaticum,clove
szechuan,Szechwan
szechwan province,Szechwan
t,thymine
t'ai chi,tai chi
t'ai chi chuan,t'ai chi
t'ien-ching,Tianjin
t-bar,T-bar lift
t-bill,Treasury bill
t-scope,tachistoscope
t-shirt,jersey
t. e. lawrence,Lawrence
t. h. white,White
t. s. eliot,Eliot
t.b.,tuberculosis
t hinge,tee hinge
t lymphocyte,T cell
ta,tantalum
taal,Afrikaans
tab,check
tab key,tab
tabasco pepper,hot pepper
tabasco plant,tabasco pepper
tabasco sauce,Tabasco
tabbouleh,tabooli
tabby cat,tabby
tabernacles,Succoth
tabernaemontana divaricate,crape jasmine
tabes dorsalis,locomotor ataxia
tabi,tabis
tabis,tabi
table,tabular array
table-mountain pine,prickly pine
table-tennis bat,table-tennis racquet
table-tennis racquet,table-tennis bat
table-tennis table,ping-pong table
table lifting,table tipping
table linen,napery
table mat,hot pad
table mustard,mustard
table napkin,napkin
table of contents,contents
table rapping,table tapping
table salt,salt
table service,service
table tapping,table rapping
table tennis,Ping-Pong
table tilting,table tipping
table tipping,table tilting
table turning,table tipping
tableau,tableau vivant
tableau vivant,tableau
tableland,plateau
tablemate,dining companion
tablespoon,tablespoonful
tablespoonful,tablespoon
tablet,pad
tabloid,yellow journalism
tabooli,tabbouleh
tabor,tabour
taboret,tabouret
tabour,tabor
tabouret,taboret
tabula rasa,fresh start
tabular array,table
tabular matter,tabulation
tabulation,tabular matter
tabulator,counter
tabun,GA
tacamahac,balsam poplar
tacca leontopetaloides,pia
tacca pinnatifida,pia
tach,tachometer
tacheometer,tachymeter
tachistoscope,t-scope
tachometer,tach
tachygraphy,shorthand
tachymeter,tacheometer
tacit consent,connivance
taciturnity,reserve
tack,stable gear
tacker,baster
tackiness,cohesiveness
tacking,baste
tackle,rigging
taco,greaser
tact,tactfulness
tactfulness,tact
tactic,tactics
tactical intelligence,combat intelligence
tactical maneuver,maneuver
tactical manoeuvre,maneuver
tactics,tactic
tactile agnosia,astereognosis
tactile property,feel
tactile sensation,touch
tactility,tactual sensation
tactual exploration,palpation
tactual sensation,touch
tad,shade
tadalafil,Cialis
tadarida brasiliensis,guano bat
tadeus reichstein,Reichstein
tadeusz andrzej bonawentura kosciuszko,Kosciusko
tadirida femorosacca,pocketed bat
tadjik,Tajikistan
tadpole,polliwog
tadzhik,Tajik
tadzhikistan,Tajikistan
tae kwon do,taekwondo
taekwondo,tae kwon do
taenia,tenia
taffeta weave,plain weave
taffrail log,patent log
taffy apple,candied apple
tag,ticket
tag end,rag
tag line,punch line
tagalong,hanger-on
tagamet,cimetidine
tagasaste,Chamaecytisus palmensis
tagetes erecta,African marigold
tagetes patula,French marigold
tagger,tagging program
tagging program,tagger
taguan,flying marmot
tagus river,Tagus
tahoka daisy,tansy leaf aster
tai chi,t'ai chi
tai chi chuan,t'ai chi
taichi,t'ai chi
taichichuan,t'ai chi
tail,fag end
tail-flower,anthurium
tail assembly,tail
tail bone,coccyx
tail coat,dress suit
tail end,fag end
tail fin,vertical stabilizer
tail lamp,taillight
tail rotor,anti-torque rotor
tailboard,tailgate
tailcoat,dress suit
tailed frog,bell toad
tailed toad,tailed frog
tailfin,vertical stabilizer
tailflower,anthurium
tailgate,tailboard
tailing,shadowing
tailless tenrec,Tenrec ecaudatus
taillight,tail lamp
tailor,seamster
tailorbird,Orthotomus sutorius
tailplane,horizontal stabilizer
tails,dress suit
tailspin,spin
tailwort,borage
taint,contamination
taipan,Oxyuranus scutellatus
taipeh,Taipei
taira,tayra
takahe,notornis
take,return
takeaway,takeout
takedown,put-down
takeoff,parody
takeoff booster,booster
takeoff rocket,booster
takeout food,takeout
takeover,coup d'etat
takeover arbitrage,risk arbitrage
takeover target,target company
takin,gnu goat
taking apart,dismemberment
taking hold,grasping
taking into custody,apprehension
taking over,succession
takings,return
taklamakan desert,Taklimakan Desert
talapoin,Cercopithecus talapoin
talc,talcum
talcott parsons,Parsons
talcum,talc
talcum powder,talcum
tale,narrative
taleban,Taliban
talebearer,tattletale
talent,endowment
talent scout,scout
taleteller,tattletale
talien,Dalian
talinum augustissimum,narrow-leaved flame flower
talinum aurantiacum,flame flower
talinum brevifolium,pigmy talinum
talinum calycinum,rock pink
talinum paniculatum,jewels-of-opar
talinum spinescens,spiny talinum
talipes,clubfoot
talipot,talipot palm
talipot palm,talipot
talisman,amulet
talk,talking
talk of the town,talk
talk show,chat show
talkativeness,garrulity
talker,speaker
talker identification,speaker identification
talkie,talking picture
talking,talk
talking picture,talkie
talking to,lecture
talks,negotiation
tall-grass,tallgrass
tall bellflower,Campanula americana
tall bilberry,high-bush blueberry
tall buttercup,meadow buttercup
tall crowfoot,meadow buttercup
tall cupflower,Nierembergia frutescens
tall field buttercup,meadow buttercup
tall mallow,high mallow
tall meadow grass,tall oat grass
tall oat grass,tall meadow grass
tall order,large order
tall sunflower,giant sunflower
tall white violet,Canada violet
tall yellow-eye,Xyris operculata
tallapoosa river,Tallapoosa
tallboy,highboy
tallgrass,tall-grass
tallin,Tallinn
tallith,prayer shawl
tallness,height
tallulah bankhead,Bankhead
tally,run
tally clerk,tallyman
tallyman,tally clerk
talus,scree
talwin,pentazocine
tam,tam-o'-shanter
tam-o'-shanter,tam
tam-tam,gong
tamandu,tamandua
tamandua,tamandu
tamandua tetradactyla,tamandua
tamanoir,ant bear
tamara karsavina,Karsavina
tamarack,American larch
tamarao,tamarau
tamarau,tamarao
tamarillo,tree tomato
tamarin,lion monkey
tamarind,tamarind tree
tamarind tree,tamarind
tamarindo,tamarind
tamarindus indica,tamarind
tamarisk family,Tamaricaceae
tamarisk gerbil,Meriones unguiculatus
tambac,tombac
tambocor,flecainide
tambour,embroidery frame
tamburlaine,Tamerlane
tameness,jejunity
tamias striatus,eastern chipmunk
tamiasciurus douglasi,chickeree
tamiasciurus hudsonicus,American red squirrel
tamil eelam,Eelam
tamil tigers,Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
tammany,Tammany Hall
tammany society,Tammany Hall
tammerfors,Tampere
tammy,tam
tammy wynette,Wynette
tammy wynetter pugh,Wynette
tamoxifen,estrogen antagonist
tamp,tamper
tamper,tamp
tampering,meddling
tamping bar,tamp
tampion,tompion
tamponade,tamponage
tamponage,tamponade
tamus communis,black bryony
tanacetum balsamita,costmary
tanacetum camphoratum,camphor dune tansy
tanacetum cinerariifolium,pyrethrum
tanacetum coccineum,painted daisy
tanacetum douglasii,northern dune tansy
tanacetum parthenium,feverfew
tanacetum ptarmiciflorum,dusty miller
tanacetum vulgare,tansy
tanach,Tanakh
tanbark oak,Lithocarpus densiflorus
tandearil,oxyphenbutazone
tandem bicycle,bicycle-built-for-two
tanekaha,Phyllocladus trichomanoides
tang,nip
tang dynasty,Tang
tanganyika,Lake Tanganyika
tangelo,tangelo tree
tangelo tree,tangelo
tangency,contact
tangent,tan
tangerine tree,tangerine
tangibility,tangibleness
tangible possession,material possession
tangibleness,tangibility
tangier peavine,Tangier pea
tangiers,Tangier
tanginess,nip
tangle,snarl
tanglebush,desert olive
tangor,temple orange
tank,army tank
tank car,tank
tank driver,tanker
tank engine,tank locomotive
tank farming,hydroponics
tank locomotive,tank engine
tank ship,oil tanker
tank suit,maillot
tanker,oil tanker
tankful,tank
tanner,sixpence
tanner's cassia,avaram
tannia,yautia
tannic acid,tannin
tannin,tannic acid
tanning,whipping
tanoan language,Tanoan
tansy,golden buttons
tansy-leaved rocket,Hugueninia tanacetifolia
tansy leaf aster,tahoka daisy
tansy mustard,Descurainia pinnata
tansy ragwort,ragwort
tantaliser,tantalizer
tantalization,tease
tantalizer,tantaliser
tantalum,Ta
tantrum,fit
tanzim,Fatah Tanzim
tanzimul fuqra,Jamaat ul-Fuqra
tao,Taoist
tap,pat
tap-off,tip-off
tap dance,tap dancing
tap dancer,tapper
tap dancing,tap dance
tap house,tavern
tapa,tapa bark
tapa bark,tapa
tape,tape recording
tape drive,tape transport
tape grass,eelgrass
tape machine,tape recorder
tape measure,tape
tape recorder,tape machine
tape recording,tape
tape transport,tape drive
tapeline,tape
taper,wick
tapestry,tapis
tapestry moth,carpet moth
tapeworm,cestode
taphouse,public house
taping,tape
tapioca plant,bitter cassava
tapirus indicus,Malayan tapir
tapirus terrestris,New World tapir
tapis,tapestry
tappa,tapa
tappa bark,tapa
tapper,tapster
tappet wrench,open-end wrench
taproom,barroom
taps,lights-out
tapster,tapper
tar,pitch
tar-wood,tarwood
tar heel state,North Carolina
tar paper,roofing paper
tara vine,bower actinidia
tarabulus al-gharb,Tripoli
tarabulus ash-sham,Tarabulus
taradiddle,fib
tarahumara frog,Rana tarahumarae
taraktagenos,Hydnocarpus
taraktagenos kurzii,chaulmoogra
taraktogenos,Hydnocarpus
taraktogenos kurzii,chaulmoogra
tarantella,tarantelle
tarantelle,tarantella
tarantula,European wolf spider
taras grigoryevich shevchenko,Shevchenko
tarawa-makin,Tarawa
taraxacum kok-saghyz,Russian dandelion
taraxacum officinale,common dandelion
taraxacum ruderalia,common dandelion
tarboosh,fez
tarchanoff phenomenon,galvanic skin response
tare,darnel
target,mark
target area,target
target company,takeover target
target language,object language
target program,object program
target range,firing range
tarheel,North Carolinian
taricha granulosa,rough-skinned newt
taricha torosa,California newt
tariff,duty
tarmac,tarmacadam
tarmacadam,tarmac
tarnished plant bug,Lygus lineolaris
taro,cocoyam
taro plant,taro
taro root,taro
tarot,tarot card
tarot card,tarot
tarp,tarpaulin
tarpan,Equus caballus gomelini
tarpaulin,tarp
tarpon,Tarpon atlanticus
tarpon atlanticus,tarpon
tarquin the proud,Tarquin
tarquinius,Tarquin
tarquinius superbus,Tarquin
tarradiddle,fib
tarragon,estragon
tarriance,lingering
tarrietia argyrodendron,silver tree
tarsal bone,tarsal
tarsal gland,Meibomian gland
tartan,plaid
tartar,cream of tartar
tartar emetic,antimony potassium tartrate
tartar sauce,tartare sauce
tartar steak,steak tartare
tartare sauce,tartar sauce
tartarian honeysuckle,bush honeysuckle
tartarus,Gehenna
tartness,sour
tartufe,Tartuffe
tarweed,gumweed
tarwood,tar-wood
tarzan of the apes,Tarzan
tashmitum,Tashmit
tashunca-uitco,Crazy Horse
task,undertaking
taskent,Tashkent
tasmanian tiger,thylacine
tasmanian wolf,thylacine
tasse,tasset
tassel flower,Emilia sagitta
tassel hyacinth,Muscari comosum
tasset,tasse
taste,taste sensation
taste-maker,trend-setter
taste-tester,taster
taste bud,tastebud
taste cell,gustatory cell
taste perception,taste
taste sensation,taste
taste tester,taster
tastebud,taste bud
tastelessness,flavorlessness
taster,taste tester
tastiness,pleasingness
tasting,taste
tat,cheapness
tatary,Tartary
tater,potato
tatou,giant armadillo
tatouay,cabassous
tatter,rag
tatting,lace making
tattle,singing
tattler,tattletale
tattletale,tattler
tattletale gray,tattletale grey
tattletale grey,tattletale gray
tatu,giant armadillo
tau-minus particle,tauon
tau-plus particle,antitauon
tau coefficient of correlation,Kendall's tau
tau cross,St. Anthony's cross
taunt,twit
tauon,tau-minus particle
tauromachy,bullfighting
taurotragus derbianus,giant eland
taurotragus oryx,common eland
taurus,Sanchez
taurus the bull,Taurus
tautness,tension
tautog,blackfish
tautoga onitis,tautog
tautogolabrus adspersus,cunner
tavern,tap house
tavern keeper,publican
taw,shooter
tawdriness,flashiness
tawny eagle,Aquila rapax
tawny owl,Strix aluco
tax,taxation
tax-exempt security,tax-exempt
tax-increase,tax boost
tax assessor,assessor
tax benefit,tax break
tax boost,tax-increase
tax bracket,income bracket
tax break,tax benefit
tax collector,taxman
tax deduction,tax write-off
tax hike,tax-increase
tax income,taxation
tax policy,tax program
tax program,tax policy
tax return,income tax return
tax revenue,tax income
tax shelter,shelter
tax write-off,tax deduction
taxation,tax
taxi,cab
taxi fare,cab fare
taxi rank,cabstand
taxi strip,taxiway
taxicab,cab
taxidea taxus,American badger
taxidermist,animal stuffer
taxidriver,taximan
taximan,taxidriver
taxis,cab
taxistand,cabstand
taxiway,taxi strip
taxman,tax collector
taxodium ascendens,pond cypress
taxodium distichum,bald cypress
taxodium mucronatum,Montezuma cypress
taxon,taxonomic group
taxonomer,taxonomist
taxonomic category,taxonomic group
taxonomic group,taxonomic category
taxonomist,taxonomer
taxophytina,Taxopsida
taxus baccata,Old World yew
taxus brevifolia,Pacific yew
taxus cuspidata,Japanese yew
taxus floridana,Florida yew
tay-sachs,Tay-Sachs disease
tayassu angulatus,collared peccary
tayassu pecari,white-lipped peccary
tayassu tajacu,collared peccary
taymyr peninsula,Taimyr Peninsula
tayra,taira
tazicef,ceftazidime
tb,terbium
tbit,terabit
tc,technetium
tce,trichloroethylene
tchad,Chad
tchotchke,chachka
tchotchkeleh,chachka
tcp,transmission control protocol
tcp/ip,transmission control protocol/internet protocol
tdt,terrestrial time
te,tellurium
tea,afternoon tea
tea biscuit,teacake
tea break,coffee break
tea caddy,caddy
tea cart,teacart
tea ceremony,chanoyu
tea cosy,cosy
tea cozy,cosy
tea family,Theaceae
tea leaf,tea
tea parlor,teashop
tea parlour,teashop
tea rose,Rosa odorata
tea service,tea set
tea set,tea service
tea tortrix,tortrix
tea towel,dishtowel
tea trolley,tea cart
tea wagon,tea cart
teaberry,wintergreen
teacake,tea biscuit
teacart,tea cart
teacher,instructor
teacher's certificate,teaching certificate
teachers college,normal school
teaching,instruction
teaching certificate,teacher's certificate
teaching method,pedagogics
teacup,teacupful
teacupful,teacup
teahouse,teashop
teak,teakwood
teakwood,teak
team,squad
team spirit,esprit de corps
teammate,mate
teamster,trucker
teapot dome scandal,Teapot Dome
tear,teardrop
tear duct,lacrimal duct
tear gas,teargas
tear gland,lacrimal gland
tear sac,lacrimal sac
teardrop,tear
tearfulness,weepiness
teargas,tear gas
tearing down,razing
tearoom,teashop
tears,crying
tease,teaser
teasel,teazel
teaser,tease
teashop,teahouse
teasle,teasel
teaspoon,teaspoonful
teaspoonful,teaspoon
teat,nipple
teatime,tea
teazel,teasel
tebibit,Tibit
tebibyte,terabyte
tec,detective
tech,technical school
techie,tekki
technetium,Tc
technical analysis,technical analysis of stock trends
technical analysis of stock trends,technical analysis
technical analyst,chartist
technical foul,technical
technical knockout,TKO
technical school,tech
technicality,trifle
technique,proficiency
technological revolution,Industrial Revolution
technologist,engineer
technology,engineering
tectaria cicutaria,button fern
tectaria macrodonta,Indian button fern
tectona grandis,teak
tectonic movement,crustal movement
tectonics,architectonics
tecumtha,Tecumseh
ted hughes,Hughes
ted shawn,Shawn
ted williams,Williams
teddy,teddy bear
teddy bear,teddy
teddy boy,Ted
teddy boys,Ted
tediousness,tedium
tedium,boredom
tee,teeing ground
tee hinge,T hinge
tee shirt,jersey
teeing ground,tee
teemingness,abundance
teenager,adolescent
teens,adolescent
teepee,tepee
teeter,seesaw
teeter-totter,seesaw
teeterboard,seesaw
teetertotter,seesaw
teeth,dentition
teething,dentition
teething ring,comforter
teetotaler,teetotaller
teetotaling,teetotalism
teetotalism,teetotaling
teetotalist,teetotaler
teetotaller,teetotaler
teetotum,top
teff,teff grass
teff grass,teff
tefillin,phylactery
tegu,Taegu
tegument,skin
tehran,Teheran
teiid,teiid lizard
teiid lizard,teiid
tekki,techie
tel aviv-jaffa,Tel Aviv
tel aviv-yalo,Tel Aviv
telamon,atlas
telco,telephone company
telco building,telecom hotel
telecasting,television
telecom,telecommunication
telecom equipment,telecommunication system
telecom hotel,telco building
telecom system,telecommunication system
telecommerce,telemarketing
telecommunication,telecom
telecommunication equipment,telecommunication system
telecommunication system,telecom system
telecommuting,teleworking
teleconference,teleconferencing
teleconferencing,teleconference
telegram,wire
telegraph,telegraphy
telegraph line,telephone wire
telegraph operator,telegrapher
telegraph plant,semaphore plant
telegraph pole,telephone pole
telegraph post,telephone pole
telegraph wire,telephone wire
telegrapher,telegraphist
telegraphic signal,radiotelegraphic signal
telegraphist,telegrapher
telegraphy,telegraph
telekinesis,psychokinesis
telemarketing,teleselling
telemetry intelligence,TELINT
teleost,teleost fish
teleost fish,teleost
teleostan,teleost fish
telepathist,thought-reader
telepathy,thought transference
telephone,phone
telephone bill,phone bill
telephone book,phonebook
telephone booth,phone booth
telephone box,telephone booth
telephone call,call
telephone circuit,telephone line
telephone company,telephone service
telephone cord,phone cord
telephone dial,dial
telephone directory,phonebook
telephone exchange,central
telephone extension,extension
telephone jack,phone jack
telephone kiosk,telephone booth
telephone line,telephone wire
telephone message,phone message
telephone number,phone number
telephone operator,telephonist
telephone plug,phone plug
telephone pole,telegraph pole
telephone receiver,receiver
telephone service,telephone company
telephone set,telephone
telephone system,phone system
telephone wire,telephone line
telephoner,caller
telephonist,telephone operator
telephony,telephone
telephoto,telephotograph
telephoto lens,zoom lens
telephotograph,telephoto
teleprinter,teletypewriter
teleprocessing,distributed data processing
telescope,scope
telescope sight,telescopic sight
telescopic sight,telescope sight
teleselling,telemarketing
teletype machine,teletypewriter
teletypewriter,teleprinter
television,telecasting
television-camera tube,television pickup tube
television announcer,tv announcer
television antenna,tv-antenna
television camera,tv camera
television channel,channel
television equipment,video equipment
television monitor,tv monitor
television newscaster,television reporter
television pickup tube,television-camera tube
television program,TV program
television receiver,television
television reporter,television newscaster
television room,tv room
television set,television receiver
television show,television program
television star,TV star
television station,TV station
television system,television
television tube,kinescope
teleworking,telecommuting
telex,teletypewriter
telex machine,teletypewriter
telfer,telpher
telferage,telpherage
telingo potato,pungapung
telint,telemetry intelligence
tellima affinis,woodland star
tellima grandiflora,false alumroot
tellurium,Te
telly,television receiver
telopea oreades,waratah
telopea speciosissima,waratah
telpher,telfer
telpherage,telferage
telsontail,proturan
temazepam,Restoril
temblor,earthquake
temerity,audacity
temp,temporary
temper,pique
tempera,poster paint
temperament,disposition
temperance,moderation
temperateness,fair weather
temperature reduction,cooling
tempest,storm
tempestuousness,agitation
templar,Knight Templar
template,templet
template rna,messenger RNA
temple,synagogue
temple of solomon,Temple of Jerusalem
temple orange,temple orange tree
temple orange tree,temple orange
temple tree,pagoda tree
templet,template
templetonia retusa,coral bush
tempo,pacing
temporal arrangement,temporal order
temporal bone,os temporale
temporal ccortex,temporal lobe
temporal lobe,temporal ccortex
temporal lobe epilepsy,psychomotor epilepsy
temporal muscle,temporalis muscle
temporal order,temporal arrangement
temporal role,temporal
temporal vein,vena temporalis
temporalis,temporalis muscle
temporalis muscle,temporal muscle
temporality,temporalty
temporalty,temporality
temporary expedient,improvisation
temporary hookup,patch
temporary injunction,interlocutory injunction
temporary removal,suspension
temporary worker,temp
temporiser,temporizer
temporizer,temporiser
temporomandibular joint,mandibular joint
tempra,acetaminophen
temptation,enticement
temptingness,allure
temptress,enchantress
temujin,Genghis Khan
ten-day fern,leather fern
ten-gallon hat,cowboy hat
ten-spined stickleback,Gasterosteus pungitius
ten-spot,ten
ten-strike,strike
ten-thousandth,one-ten-thousandth
ten commandments,Decalogue
ten dollar bill,tenner
ten percent,one-tenth
tenability,reasonableness
tenableness,reasonableness
tenaciousness,doggedness
tenacity,doggedness
tenancy,occupancy
tenant,renter
tench,Tinca tinca
tendency,inclination
tender loving care,TLC
tendergreen,spinach mustard
tenderheartedness,tenderness
tenderisation,tenderization
tenderiser,tenderizer
tenderization,tenderisation
tenderizer,tenderiser
tenderloin,combat zone
tenderness,soreness
tendinitis,tendonitis
tendon,sinew
tendon of achilles,Achilles tendon
tendonitis,tendinitis
tendonous synovitis,tenosynovitis
tendosynovitis,tenosynovitis
tendrac,tenrec
tenebrionid,darkling beetle
tenement,tenement house
tenement house,tenement
tenet,dogma
teng hsiao-ping,Deng Xiaoping
teng hsiaoping,Deng Xiaoping
tenia,taenia
tenner,ten
tennessee river,Tennessee
tennessee walking horse,Tennessee walker
tennessee williams,Williams
tennis,lawn tennis
tennis elbow,lateral epicondylitis
tennis pro,professional tennis player
tennis racket,tennis racquet
tennis racquet,tennis racket
tennis shoe,gym shoe
tennis shot,tennis stroke
tennis stroke,tennis shot
tenno,mikado
tenonitis,tendinitis
tenor drum,tom-tom
tenor saxophonist,tenorist
tenor voice,tenor
tenorist,tenor saxophonist
tenormin,atenolol
tenosynovitis,tendosynovitis
tenpin bowling,tenpins
tenpins,tenpin bowling
tenpounder,ladyfish
tenrec,tendrac
tenrec ecaudatus,tailless tenrec
tenseness,tension
tension,tenseness
tensity,tension
tent,collapsible shelter
tent-caterpillar moth,Malacosoma disstria
tent-fly,rainfly
tent flap,tent-fly
tent stitch,petit point
tenth cranial nerve,vagus
tenth part,one-tenth
tenting,camping
tentorial sinus,straight sinus
tenuity,thinness
tenure,term of office
teodor josef konrad korzeniowski,Conrad
tepary bean,Phaseolus acutifolius latifolius
tepee,tipi
tephrosia purpurea,bastard indigo
tephrosia virginiana,catgut
tepidity,lukewarmness
tepidness,lukewarmness
terabit,Tbit
terabyte,TB
teraflop,trillion floating point operations per second
terahertz,THz
teras,monster
terazosin,Hytrin
terbinafine,Lamisil
terbium,Tb
terce,tierce
tercel,tiercel
tercelet,tiercel
tercentenary,tercentennial
tercentennial,tercentenary
tercet,three
terebinth,Pistacia terebinthus
teredinid,shipworm
terence rattigan,Rattigan
teres,teres muscle
teres major,teres major muscle
teres major muscle,teres major
teres minor,teres minor muscle
teres minor muscle,teres minor
teres muscle,teres
tergiversation,equivocation
tergiversator,hedger
term,condition
term of a contract,lease
term of enlistment,enlistment
term of office,tenure
termagant,shrew
terminal figure,terminus
terminal point,terminus ad quem
termination,expiration
terminator,exterminator
terminology,nomenclature
terminus,end point
terminus a quo,starting point
terminus ad quem,terminal point
termite,white ant
terms,footing
ternion,three
terra alba,pipeclay
terra firma,land
terra incognita,unknown
terra sigillata,Samian ware
terrace,patio
terrain flight,low level flight
terramycin,oxytetracycline
terrapene ornata,Western box turtle
terre adelie,Adelie Land
terrestrial dynamical time,terrestrial time
terrestrial time,TT
terribleness,awfulness
terrietia,Heritiera
terrietia trifoliolata,red beech
territorial division,administrative district
territorial dominion,district
territorial reserve,territorial
territorialisation,territorialization
territorialization,territorialisation
territory,district
terror,panic
terrorisation,terrorization
terrorism,act of terrorism
terrorist act,terrorism
terrorist cell,radical cell
terrorist group,terrorist organization
terrorist organization,terrorist group
terrorization,terrorisation
terry cloth,terry
terry towel,Turkish towel
terrycloth,terry
tertiary period,Tertiary
tertigravida,gravida III
terylene,Dacron
terzetto,three
tessin,Ticino
test,trial
test-cross,testcross
test case,test suit
test copy,proof
test instrument vehicle,test rocket
test match,match game
test paper,examination paper
test period,trial period
test rocket,research rocket
test room,testing room
test suit,test case
testa,episperm
testament,will
testator,testate
testcross,test-cross
testee,examinee
tester,examiner
testicle,testis
testicular artery,internal spermatic artery
testicular cancer,seminoma
testicular vein,vena testicularis
testiere,chanfron
testifier,deponent
testimonial immunity,use immunity
testimony,testimonial
testiness,touchiness
testing,examination
testing ground,laboratory
testing room,test room
testis,testicle
testudinata,Chelonia
testudines,Chelonia
testudo graeca,European tortoise
tetanilla,tetany
tetanus,lockjaw
tetanus immune globulin,tetanus immunoglobulin
tetanus immunoglobulin,tetanus immune globulin
tetany,tetanilla
tetartanopia,yellow-blindness
tetchiness,testiness
tether,leash
tethyidae,Aplysiidae
teton dakota,Teton
teton sioux,Teton
tetrabromo-phenolsulfonephthalein,bromophenol blue
tetrachlorethylene,tetrachloroethylene
tetrachloroethylene,tetrachlorethylene
tetrachloromethane,carbon tetrachloride
tetrachoric correlation,tetrachoric correlation coefficient
tetrachoric correlation coefficient,tetrachoric correlation
tetraclinis articulata,sandarac
tetracycline,Achromycin
tetrad,four
tetradecanoic acid,myristic acid
tetraethyl lead,lead tetraethyl
tetragon,quadrilateral
tetragonia expansa,New Zealand spinach
tetragonia tetragonioides,New Zealand spinach
tetragoniaceae,Aizoaceae
tetrahydrocannabinol,THC
tetraiodothyronine,thyroxine
tetramethyldiarsine,cacodyl
tetraneuris acaulis,stemless hymenoxys
tetraneuris grandiflora,old man of the mountain
tetranychid,spider mite
tetrao urogallus,capercaillie
tetraskele,tetraskelion
tetraskelion,tetraskele
tetrasodium pyrophosphate,sodium pyrophosphate
tetryl,nitramine
tetterwort,bloodroot
tettigoniid,long-horned grasshopper
teucrium canadense,American germander
teucrium chamaedrys,wall germander
teucrium marum,cat thyme
teucrium scorodonia,wood sage
tevere,Tiber
tevet,Tebet
texas armadillo,peba
texas longhorn,longhorn
texas millet,goose grass
texas snowbells,Texas snowbell
texas star,prairia Sabbatia
text,textual matter
text edition,textbook
text editor,copy editor
text file,document
textile screw pine,lauhala
textual matter,text
texture,grain
th,Thursday
thaddaeus,Jude
thaddeus kosciusko,Kosciusko
thalarctos maritimus,ice bear
thalassaemia,thalassemia
thalassaemia major,Cooley's anemia
thalassemia,thalassaemia
thalassemia major,Cooley's anemia
thalassoma bifasciatum,bluehead
thales of miletus,Thales
thalidone,chlorthalidone
thallium,Tl
thalmencephalon,diencephalon
thames river,Thames
thammuz,Tammuz
thamnophis proximus,Western ribbon snake
thamnophis sauritus,ribbon snake
thamnophis sirtalis,common garter snake
thankfulness,gratefulness
thankless wretch,ingrate
thanksgiving cactus,crab cactus
thanksgiving day,Thanksgiving
thatch,Teach
thatch palm,thatch tree
thatch tree,thatch palm
thatched roof,thatch
thaumatolatry,miracle-worship
thaumaturge,sorcerer
thaumaturgist,sorcerer
thaumaturgy,magic
thaw,melt
thawing,thaw
thb,Bachelor of Theology
thc,tetrahydrocannabinol
thd,Doctor of Theology
the absurd,absurd
the admirable crichton,Crichton
the alps,Alps
the boot,boot
the city,City of London
the flood,Noah's flood
the gambia,Gambia
the great calamity,the Irish Famine
the great charter,Magna Carta
the great compromiser,Clay
the great hunger,the Irish Famine
the great starvation,the Irish Famine
the great unwashed,multitude
the hill,Capitol Hill
the holy see,Holy See
the indies,West Indies
the like,like
the likes of,like
the nazarene,Jesus
the netherlands,Netherlands
the pamirs,Pamir Mountains
the pits,hell
the shits,the trots
the skinny,dope
the states,United States
the street,Wall Street
the tempter,Satan
the three estates,estate of the realm
the trots,the shits
the true,truth
the venerable bede,Bede
the virgin,Mary
the way of the world,the ways of the world
the ways of the world,the way of the world
theanthropism,anthropomorphism
theater,theatre
theater critic,drama critic
theater curtain,theatre curtain
theater director,director
theater in the round,arena theater
theater of operations,field
theater of war,theatre of war
theater prompter,prompter
theater stage,theatre stage
theater ticket,theatre ticket
theatergoer,playgoer
theatre,theater
theatre curtain,theater curtain
theatre director,director
theatre of operations,field
theatre of war,theater of war
theatre stage,theater stage
theatre ticket,theater ticket
theatregoer,playgoer
theatrical agent,actor's agent
theatrical performance,theatrical
theatrical poster,show bill
theatrical production,staging
theatrical role,character
theatricality,staginess
theca,sac
thecodont,thecodont reptile
thecodont reptile,thecodont
theelin,estrone
theft,larceny
theia,Thea
thelonious monk,Monk
thelonious sphere monk,Monk
thelypteris dryopteris,oak fern
thelypteris hexagonoptera,broad beech fern
thelypteris palustris,marsh fern
thelypteris palustris pubescens,snuffbox fern
thelypteris phegopteris,long beech fern
thelypteris simulata,Massachusetts fern
thematic vowel,stem vowel
theme,subject
theme song,signature
theobid,theophylline
theobroma cacao,cacao
theodolite,transit
theodor mommsen,Mommsen
theodor schwann,Schwann
theodor seuss geisel,Geisel
theodore dreiser,Dreiser
theodore dwight weld,Weld
theodore francis powys,Powys
theodore harold white,White
theodore herman albert dreiser,Dreiser
theodore roosevelt,Roosevelt
theodore samuel williams,Williams
theodosius i,Theodosius
theodosius the great,Theodosius
theologian,theologist
theological system,theology
theological virtue,supernatural virtue
theologiser,theologian
theologist,theologian
theologizer,theologian
theology,divinity
theophrastus philippus aureolus bombastus von hohenheim,Paracelsus
theophylline,Elixophyllin
theoretical account,model
theoretician,theorist
theorisation,theorization
theoriser,theorist
theorist,theoretician
theorization,theorisation
theorizer,theorist
theory,hypothesis
theory of dissociation,theory of electrolytic dissociation
theory of electrolytic dissociation,theory of dissociation
theory of evolution,theory of organic evolution
theory of games,game theory
theory of gravitation,theory of gravity
theory of gravity,theory of gravitation
theory of indicators,Ostwald's theory of indicators
theory of organic evolution,theory of evolution
theory of preformation,preformation
theory of probability,probability theory
theory of punctuated equilibrium,punctuated equilibrium
theory of relativity,relativity
therapeutic cloning,biomedical cloning
therapeutic rehabilitation,physical rehabilitation
therapeutics,remedy
therapist,healer
therapsid,protomammal
theravada buddhism,Theravada
theresa,Teresa
theridiid,comb-footed spider
thermal barrier,heat barrier
thermal emission,thermionic emission
thermal resistor,thermistor
thermal spring,hot spring
thermel,thermoelectric thermometer
thermic fever,sunstroke
thermionic emission,thermal emission
thermionic tube,tube
thermionic vacuum tube,tube
thermionic valve,tube
thermistor,thermal resistor
thermobaric bomb,fuel-air bomb
thermobia domestica,firebrat
thermocouple,thermocouple junction
thermocouple junction,thermocouple
thermodynamics of equilibrium,thermostatics
thermoelectric thermometer,thermel
thermograph,thermometrograph
thermogravimeter,thermohydrometer
thermohydrometer,thermogravimeter
thermometrograph,thermograph
thermonuclear bomb,hydrogen bomb
thermonuclear reactor,fusion reactor
thermonuclear warhead,atomic warhead
thermoplastic resin,thermoplastic
thermopsis macrophylla,false lupine
thermopsis villosa,Carolina lupine
thermoregulator,thermostat
thermos,thermos bottle
thermos bottle,thermos
thermos flask,thermos
thermosetting compositions,thermosetting resin
thermosetting resin,thermosetting compositions
thermostat,thermoregulator
thermostatics,thermodynamics of equilibrium
theropod,theropod dinosaur
theropod dinosaur,theropod
thesaurus,synonym finder
thesis,dissertation
thespesia populnea,portia tree
thessalonica,Thessaloniki
thessaly,Thessalia
theta rhythm,theta wave
theta wave,theta rhythm
thevetia neriifolia,yellow oleander
thevetia peruviana,yellow oleander
thiamin,vitamin B1
thiamine,vitamin B1
thiamine pyrophosphate,cocarboxylase
thibet,Tibet
thick-billed murre,Uria lomvia
thick-footed morel,Morchella crassipes
thick-knee,stone curlew
thickener,thickening
thicket,brush
thickhead,whistler
thickness,heaviness
thief,stealer
thielavia basicola,brown root rot fungus
thievery,larceny
thievishness,larcenous
thigh,second joint
thigh-slapper,belly laugh
thigh boot,hip boot
thighbone,femur
thimble,thimbleful
thimbleberry,flowering raspberry
thimbleful,thimble
thimblerig,shell game
thimbleweed,Anemone cylindrica
thimerosal,sodium ethylmercurithiosalicylate
thin-leaved bilberry,bilberry
thin-leaved stringybark,white stringybark
thin person,skin and bones
thing,matter
thing-in-itself,noumenon
thingamabob,doodad
thingamajig,doodad
thingmabob,doodad
thingmajig,doodad
things,thing
thingumabob,doodad
thingumajig,doodad
thingummy,doodad
think factory,think tank
think tank,think factory
thinker,creative thinker
thinner,dilutant
thinness,tenuity
thinning,cutting
thiobacteria,sulphur bacteria
thiodiphenylamine,phenothiazine
thiopental,thiopental sodium
thiopental sodium,thiopental
thiopentobarbital sodium,thiopental
thioridazine,Mellaril
thiothixene,Navane
third-class mail,third class
third-dimensionality,three-dimensionality
third baron rayleigh,Rayleigh
third base,third
third baseman,third sacker
third battle of ypres,Ypres
third class,third-class mail
third council of constantinople,Constantinople
third cranial nerve,oculomotor
third deck,lower deck
third estate,Commons
third eye,pineal eye
third eyelid,nictitating membrane
third gear,third
third house,lobby
third law of motion,Newton's third law of motion
third power,cube
third sacker,third baseman
third stomach,psalterium
third tonsil,pharyngeal tonsil
thirst,thirstiness
thirst for knowledge,desire to know
thirster,longer
thirstiness,aridity
thirties,mid-thirties
thirty-second note,demisemiquaver
thirty-second part,one-thirty-second
thirty-something,thirties
thlaspi arvense,field pennycress
thm,Master of Theology
thole,peg
tholepin,peg
thomas a becket,Becket
thomas a kempis,a Kempis
thomas alva edison,Edison
thomas aquinas,Aquinas
thomas augustus watson,Watson
thomas babington macaulay,Macaulay
thomas bayes,Bayes
thomas bowdler,Bowdler
thomas bradley,Bradley
thomas carew,Carew
thomas carlyle,Carlyle
thomas chippendale,Chippendale
thomas clayton wolfe,Wolfe
thomas crawford,Crawford
thomas de quincey,De Quincey
thomas decker,Dekker
thomas dekker,Dekker
thomas edison,Edison
thomas edward lawrence,Lawrence
thomas gainsborough,Gainsborough
thomas gray,Gray
thomas hardy,Hardy
thomas hart benton,Benton
thomas hastings,Hastings
thomas henry huxley,Huxley
thomas higginson,Higginson
thomas hobbes,Hobbes
thomas hodgkin,Hodgkin
thomas hopkins gallaudet,Gallaudet
thomas hunt morgan,Morgan
thomas huxley,Huxley
thomas j. hanks,Hanks
thomas j. jackson,Jackson
thomas jackson,Jackson
thomas jefferson,Jefferson
thomas jonathan jackson,Jackson
thomas kennerly wolfe jr.,Wolfe
thomas kid,Kyd
thomas kyd,Kyd
thomas lanier williams,Williams
thomas malory,Malory
thomas malthus,Malthus
thomas mann,Mann
thomas merton,Merton
thomas middleton,Middleton
thomas moore,Moore
thomas more,More
thomas nast,Nast
thomas nelson page,Page
thomas paine,Paine
thomas pynchon,Pynchon
thomas reid,Reid
thomas robert malthus,Malthus
thomas stearns eliot,Eliot
thomas straussler,Stoppard
thomas sully,Sully
thomas sydenham,Sydenham
thomas tallis,Tallis
thomas the doubting apostle,Thomas
thomas wentworth storrow higginson,Higginson
thomas willis,Willis
thomas wolfe,Wolfe
thomas woodrow wilson,Wilson
thomas wright waller,Waller
thomas young,Young
thomomys bottae,valley pocket gopher
thomomys talpoides,northern pocket gopher
thompson submachine gun,Tommy gun
thomsen's disease,myotonia congenita
thong,lash
thor hyerdahl,Heyerdahl
thoracentesis,thoracocentesis
thoracic cavity,chest cavity
thoracic vein,vena thoracica
thoracic vertebra,dorsal vertebra
thoracocentesis,thoracentesis
thoracoepigastric vein,vena thoracoepigastrica
thorax,chest
thorazine,chlorpromazine
thorium,Th
thorium-228,radiothorium
thorn,irritant
thorniness,prickliness
thornton niven wilder,Wilder
thornton wilder,Wilder
thorny amaranth,Amaranthus spinosus
thorny skate,Raja radiata
thorough bass,figured bass
thoroughwort,boneset
thorstein bunde veblen,Veblen
thorstein veblen,Veblen
thou,thousand
thought,idea
thought-image,imagination image
thought-reader,telepathist
thought process,thinking
thought transference,telepathy
thoughtfulness,contemplation
thoughtlessness,inconsideration
thousand and one nights,Arabian Nights' Entertainment
thraldom,bondage
thrall,bondage
thralldom,bondage
thrasher,thresher
thrashing,walloping
thread,yarn
thread-fish,threadfish
thread maker,spinner
threader,bodkin
threadfish,thread-fish
threadleaf groundsel,Senecio doublasii
threads,togs
threadworm,pinworm
threat,menace
threatened abortion,imminent abortion
three-bagger,triple
three-banded armadillo,apar
three-base hit,triple
three-card monte,monte
three-centered arch,basket-handle arch
three-cornered leek,triquetrous leek
three-day measles,German measles
three-decker,club sandwich
three-dimensional figure,solid figure
three-dimensional radar,3d radar
three-dimensionality,third-dimensionality
three-fourths,three-quarters
three-hitter,3-hitter
three-point switch,three-way switch
three-quarters,three-fourths
three-seeded mercury,Acalypha virginica
three-spined stickleback,Gasterosteus aculeatus
three-toed sloth,ai
three-way switch,three-point switch
three-year-old horse,three year old
three kings' day,Epiphany
three year old,three-year-old horse
threesome,three
threnody,dirge
thresher,thrasher
thresher's lung,farmer's lung
thresher shark,thresher
threshing machine,thresher
threshold,limen
threshold element,threshold gate
threshold gate,threshold element
threskiornis aethiopica,sacred ibis
thrift,parsimony
thriftiness,economy
thriftlessness,waste
thriftshop,second-hand store
thrill,bang
thrinax keyensis,key palm
thrinax microcarpa,key palm
thrinax morrisii,key palm
thrinax parviflora,thatch palm
thrip,thrips
thripid,thrips
thrips,thrip
thrips tobaci,onion thrips
throat,pharynx
throat infection,streptococcal sore throat
throat sweetbread,neck sweetbread
throatwort,nettle-leaved bellflower
throb,throbbing
throes,throe
thrombocyte,platelet
thrombocytopenia,thrombopenia
thrombocytopenic purpura,idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura
thrombokinase,thromboplastin
thrombolytic,thrombolytic agent
thrombolytic agent,thrombolytic
thrombopenia,thrombocytopenia
thromboplastin,thrombokinase
throne,toilet
throng,multitude
throstle,song thrush
throttle,accelerator
throttle valve,accelerator
throttlehold,stranglehold
throttler,garroter
throttling,choking
throughway,expressway
throw,stroke
throw rug,scatter rug
throw stick,boomerang
thrower,throwster
throwing away,discard
throwing board,throwing stick
throwing stick,throwing board
throwster,thrower
thrush nightingale,Luscinia luscinia
thrust,push
thrust fault,overthrust fault
thruster,pusher
thrusting,jab
thruway,expressway
thryothorus ludovicianus,Carolina wren
thud,thump
thug,hood
thuja occidentalis,American arborvitae
thuja orientalis,Oriental arborvitae
thuja plicata,western red cedar
thujopsis dolobrata,hiba arborvitae
thulium,Tm
thumb,pollex
thumbnut,wing nut
thumbtack,drawing pin
thump,thumping
thunbergia alata,black-eyed Susan
thunder,boom
thunder lizard,apatosaur
thunder mug,chamberpot
thunder snake,worm snake
thunderbolt,bolt
thunderclap,bombshell
thundercloud,cumulonimbus
thunderer,Jupiter Tonans
thunderstorm,electrical storm
thunnus alalunga,albacore
thunnus albacares,yellowfin
thunnus thynnus,bluefin
thurible,censer
thwart,cross thwart
thwarter,obstructionist
thylacine,Tasmanian wolf
thylacinus cynocephalus,thylacine
thyme-leaved sandwort,Arenaria serpyllifolia
thyme-leaved speedwell,Veronica serpyllifolia
thyme camphor,thymol
thymelaeales,Myrtales
thymic acid,thymol
thymidine,deoxythymidine
thymine,T
thymol,thyme camphor
thymus gland,thymus
thymus serpyllum,wild thyme
thymus vulgaris,common thyme
thyreophoran,Thyreophora
thyrocalcitonin,calcitonin
thyroid-stimulating hormone,thyrotropin
thyroid cartilage,Adam's apple
thyroid gland,thyroid
thyroid vein,vena thyroidea
thyromegaly,goiter
thyrotoxicosis,hyperthyroidism
thyrotrophic hormone,thyrotropin
thyrotrophin,thyrotropin
thyrotropic hormone,thyrotropin
thyrotropin,thyrotropic hormone
thyrotropin-releasing factor,thyrotropin-releasing hormone
thyrotropin-releasing hormone,TRH
thyroxin,thyroxine
thyroxine,thyroxin
thyrse,thyrsus
thyrsopteris,Thyrsopteris elegans
thyrsopteris elegans,thyrsopteris
thyrsus,thyrse
thysanopter,thysanopteron
thysanopteron,thysanopter
thysanopterous insect,thysanopter
thysanuran insect,thysanuron
thysanuron,thysanuran insect
thz,terahertz
ti,titanium
tia,transient ischemic attack
tiarella cordifolia,foamflower
tiarella unifoliata,false miterwort
tib,terabyte
tiberius claudius drusus nero germanicus,Claudius
tiberius claudius nero caesar augustus,Tiberius
tibetan buddhism,Lamaism
tibeto-burman language,Tibeto-Burman
tibia,shinbone
tibia valga,knock-knee
tibia vara,bowleg
tibial vein,vena tibialis
tibialis,tibialis muscle
tibialis anterior,tibialis anticus
tibialis anticus,tibialis anterior
tibialis muscle,tibialis
tibialis posterior,tibialis posticus
tibialis posticus,tibialis posterior
tibit,tebibit
tibur,Tivoli
tic-tac-toe,ticktacktoe
tic douloureux,trigeminal neuralgia
tical,baht
tichodroma muriaria,wall creeper
tichodrome,wall creeper
tick,ticking
tick-tack-toe,ticktacktoe
tick-weed,coreopsis
tick fever,Rocky Mountain spotted fever
tick trefoil,beggar lice
ticker,heart
ticket,tag
ticket agent,booking clerk
ticket booth,box office
ticket collector,ticket taker
ticket office,box office
ticket stub,stub
ticket taker,ticket collector
ticket tout,tout
ticking,tick
ticking bomb,time bomb
tickle,tickling
tickler,tickler file
tickler file,tickler
tickseed,coreopsis
tickseed sunflower,Bidens coronata
ticktacktoe,ticktacktoo
ticktacktoo,ticktacktoe
ticktock,tocktact
tickweed,coreopsis
ticonderoga,Fort Ticonderoga
tictac,ticktock
tidal bore,bore
tidal current,tidal flow
tidal flow,tidal current
tidal river,tidewater river
tidal stream,tidal river
tidbit,choice morsel
tiddler,child
tide,lunar time period
tide rip,rip
tidewater region,Tidewater
tidewater river,tidal river
tidewater stream,tidal river
tidiness,neatness
tidings,news
tidy sum,batch
tidy tips,tidytips
tidytips,tidy tips
tie,necktie
tie-in,link
tie-up,affiliation
tie beam,tie
tie tack,tiepin
tieback,pullback
tientsin,Tianjin
tiepin,tie tack
tier,grade
tier up,tier
tierce,terce
tiercel,tercel
tiff,bicker
tiffin,lunch
tiflis,Tbilisi
tiger,Panthera tigris
tiger cat,Felis tigrina
tiger cowrie,Cypraea tigris
tiger lily,devil lily
tiger rattlesnake,Crotalus tigris
tiger salamander,Ambystoma tigrinum
tiger shark,Galeocerdo cuvieri
tiger snake,Notechis scutatus
tigers,Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
tightfistedness,meanness
tightness,stringency
tightrope walker,funambulist
tightrope walking,funambulism
tights,leotards
tightwad,cheapskate
tiglon,tigon
tigon,tiglon
tigris river,Tigris
tike,peasant
tilapia nilotica,bolti
tile,roofing tile
tilefish,blanquillo
tilia americana,American basswood
tilia cordata,small-leaved linden
tilia heterophylla,white basswood
tilia japonica,Japanese linden
tilia tomentosa,silver lime
till,boulder clay
tillage,cultivated land
tillandsia usneoides,Spanish moss
tilled land,cultivated land
tiller,cultivator
tilletia caries,bunt
tilletia foetida,bunt
tilt,joust
tilt-top table,tip-top table
tilth,cultivated land
tilting board,seesaw
tim leary,Leary
timbale,timbale case
timbale case,timbale
timber,lumber
timber line,timberline
timber rattlesnake,banded rattlesnake
timber wolf,grey wolf
timberland,forest
timberline,timber line
timbre,timber
time,clip
time-and-motion study,time and motion study
time-delay measuring instrument,time-delay measuring system
time-delay measuring system,time-delay measuring instrument
time-motion study,time and motion study
time and motion study,time-and-motion study
time being,nonce
time bill,time draft
time bomb,ticking bomb
time deposit account,deposit account
time draft,time bill
time immemorial,time out of mind
time interval,interval
time lag,delay
time of arrival,arrival time
time of day,hour
time of departure,departure time
time of origin,vintage
time of year,season
time out,respite
time out of mind,time immemorial
time period,period of time
time plan,installment plan
time signature,musical time signature
time slot,slot
time study,time and motion study
time to come,future
time unit,unit of time
time value,value
timekeeper,timer
timeless existence,eternity
timelessness,eternity
timeliness,seasonableness
timepiece,timekeeper
timer,timekeeper
times,multiplication
timidity,timidness
timidness,timidity
timolol,Blocadren
timorousness,timidity
timothy,herd's grass
timothy francis leary,Leary
timothy leary,Leary
timothy miles bindon rice,Rice
timpani,kettle
timpanist,tympanist
timur,Tamerlane
timur lenk,Tamerlane
tin,Sn
tin-plating,tinning
tin can,can
tin disease,tin pest
tin ear,tone deafness
tin foil,tinfoil
tin hat,hard hat
tin opener,can opener
tin pest,tin disease
tin plague,tin pest
tin plate,tinplate
tin pyrites,stannite
tin whistle,pennywhistle
tinamou,partridge
tinca tinca,tench
tincture,trace
tincture of iodine,iodine
tincture of opium,laudanum
tindal,Tyndale
tindale,Tyndale
tinder,kindling
tinea,ringworm
tinea barbae,barber's itch
tinea cruris,jock itch
tinea pedis,athlete's foot
tinea pellionella,casemaking clothes moth
tineid,tineid moth
tineid moth,tineid
tineoid,tineoid moth
tineoid moth,tineoid
tineola bisselliella,webbing clothes moth
tinfoil,tin foil
ting,tinkle
tinge,touch
tingle,frisson
tininess,diminutiveness
tinker,tinkerer
tinker's dam,damn
tinker's damn,damn
tinker's root,feverroot
tinkerer,fiddler
tinkle,ting
tinned goods,canned food
tinned meat,canned meat
tinner,tinsmith
tinnevelly senna,Alexandria senna
tinning,tin-plating
tinplate,tin plate
tinsmith,tinner
tinsnips,snips
tint,shade
tintinnabulation,ring
tintometer,colorimeter
tip,gratuity
tip-off,tap-off
tip-top table,tilt-top table
tip table,tilt-top table
tip truck,dump truck
tipi,tepee
tipper,dump truck
tipper lorry,dump truck
tipper truck,dump truck
tipple,draft
tippler,social drinker
tipsiness,drunkenness
tipster,tout
tipu,tipu tree
tipu tree,tipu
tirade,philippic
tire,tyre
tire chain,snow chain
tire iron,tire tool
tire tool,tire iron
tiredness,fatigue
tirelessness,indefatigability
tiresomeness,tediousness
tiro,novice
tirol,Tyrol
tirolean,tyrolean
tisha b'ab,Tishah b'Av
tisha b'av,Tishah b'Av
tishah b'ab,Tishah b'Av
tissue,tissue paper
tissue layer,membrane
tissue paper,tissue
tissue plasminogen activator,Activase
tit,breast
tit-tat-toe,ticktacktoe
titan,colossus
titan arum,krubi
titania,titanium dioxide
titanic oxide,titanium dioxide
titanium,Ti
titanium dioxide,titanium oxide
titanium oxide,titanium dioxide
titanosaur,titanosaurian
titanosaurian,titanosaur
titbit,choice morsel
titer,titre
tithonia,Mexican sunflower
titi,buckwheat tree
titi family,Cyrilliaceae
titi monkey,titi
titillation,tickle
titivation,tittivation
titlark,pipit
title,statute title
title-holder,champion
title of respect,title
title role,name part
titmouse,tit
titre,titer
titterer,giggler
tittivation,titivation
tittle,shred
tittle-tattle,chitchat
titty,breast
titus flavius domitianus,Domitian
titus flavius sabinus vespasianus,Vespasian
titus flavius vespasianus,Titus
titus livius,Livy
titus lucretius carus,Lucretius
titus maccius plautus,Plautus
titus oates,Oates
titus vespasianus augustus,Titus
tiziano vecellio,Titian
tizzy,dither
tjalling charles koopmans,Koopmans
tjalling koopmans,Koopmans
tko,technical knockout
tl,thallium
tlc,tender loving care
tm,thulium
tmv,tobacco mosaic virus
tn,Tennessee
tnf,tumor necrosis factor
to-do,disturbance
to leeward,leeward side
to windward,windward side
toad,frog
toad frog,frog
toad lily,Montia chamissoi
toad rush,Juncus bufonius
toadfish,Opsanus tau
toadflax,butter-and-eggs
toadshade,red trillium
toady,sycophant
toast,goner
toaster,wassailer
toasting,browning
toastmaster,symposiarch
tobacco,baccy
tobacco budworm,corn earworm
tobacco hornworm,tomato worm
tobacco mildew,Peronospora hyoscyami
tobacco mosaic virus,TMV
tobacco moth,cacao moth
tobacco pipe,pipe
tobacco plant,tobacco
tobacco shop,tobacconist shop
tobacco thrips,Frankliniella fusca
tobacco user,smoker
tobacco wilt,ring rot
tobacconist,tobacco shop
tobacconist shop,tobacco shop
tobias george smollett,Smollett
tobias smollett,Smollett
tobin bronze,naval brass
toboggan cap,ski cap
tobramycin,Nebcin
toby,toby jug
toby fillpot jug,toby
toby jug,toby
tocainide,Tonocard
tocantins river,Tocantins
tocktact,ticktock
tocology,obstetrics
tocopherol,vitamin E
tocsin,alarm bell
toddler,yearling
toddy,hot toddy
toddy palm,wine palm
todea barbara,crepe fern
todea superba,crape fern
toe dance,toe dancing
toe dancing,toe dance
toe toe,plumed tussock
toetoe,plumed tussock
toff,nob
toffee,brittle
toffee apple,candied apple
toffy,brittle
tofieldia pusilla,Scotch asphodel
tofranil,imipramine
tofu,bean curd
toggle,toggle switch
toggle switch,toggle
togolese republic,Togo
togs,threads
toil,labor
toilet,lavatory
toilet articles,toiletry
toilet bag,sponge bag
toilet facility,public toilet
toilet kit,travel kit
toilet paper,toilet tissue
toilet powder,bath powder
toilet soap,face soap
toilet table,dressing table
toilet tissue,toilet paper
toilet water,eau de toilette
toiletry,toilet articles
toilette,toilet
toilsomeness,laboriousness
toitoi,toetoe
tojo eiki,Tojo
tojo hideki,Tojo
tokio,Tokyo
tolazamide,Tolinase
tolbooth,tollbooth
tolbukhin,Dobrich
tolbutamide,Orinase
tolectin,tolmetin sodium
tolerance,permissiveness
toleration,acceptance
tolinase,tolazamide
toll,price
toll agent,tollkeeper
toll collector,tollkeeper
toll house cookie,chocolate chip cookie
toll road,turnpike
toll taker,tollkeeper
tollbar,tollgate
tollbooth,tolbooth
toller,bell ringer
tollgate,tollbar
tollgatherer,tollkeeper
tollhouse,tollbooth
tollkeeper,tollman
tollman,tollkeeper
tollon,toyon
tolmetin sodium,Tolectin
tolmiea menziesii,pickaback plant
tolu,balsam of tolu
tolu balsam,tolu
tolu balsam tree,tolu tree
tolu tree,tolu balsam tree
toluene,methylbenzene
tolypeutes tricinctus,apar
tom-tom,tenor drum
tom bradley,Bradley
tom collins,collins
tom hanks,Hanks
tom paine,Paine
tom stoppard,Stoppard
tom turkey,turkey cock
tom wolfe,Wolfe
tomahawk,hatchet
tomas de torquemada,Torquemada
tomasso parentucelli,Nicholas V
tomatillo,miltomate
tomato,love apple
tomato blight,tomato yellows
tomato fruitworm,corn earworm
tomato hornworm,potato worm
tomato ketchup,catsup
tomato plant,tomato
tomato worm,tobacco hornworm
tomato yellows,tomato blight
tomb,grave
tombac,tombak
tombak,tombac
tombigbee river,Tombigbee
tomboy,romp
tomboyishness,hoydenism
tombstone,gravestone
tomcat,tom
tomentum,hair
tomentum cerebri,tomentum
tomfool,fool
tomfoolery,folly
tomistoma schlegeli,false gavial
tommyrot,baloney
tomography,imaging
tompion,tampion
tomtate,Haemulon aurolineatum
tomtit,blue tit
ton,short ton
tonal language,tone language
tonal pattern,melody
tonal system,tone system
tonality,key
tone,tone of voice
tone-beginning,attack
tone arm,pickup
tone deafness,tin ear
tone ending,release
tone language,tonal language
tone of voice,tone
tone poem,symphonic poem
tone system,tonal system
tong ho,chop-suey greens
tongs,pair of tongs
tongue,lingua
tongue-fish,tonguefish
tongue-flower,tongueflower
tongue-lashing,chiding
tongue fern,felt fern
tongue tie,ankyloglossia
tongue worm,pentastomid
tonguefish,tongue-fish
tongueflower,tongue-flower
tonguing and grooving plane,match plane
toni morrison,Morrison
tonic accent,pitch accent
tonic key,home key
tonic solfa,solfa
tonic water,tonic
tonicity,tonus
tonka bean,coumara nut
tonka bean tree,tonka bean
tonnage,tunnage
tonnage duty,tonnage
tonne,metric ton
tonocard,tocainide
tons,dozens
tonsil,palatine tonsil
tonsilla,tonsil
tonsilla adenoidea,pharyngeal tonsil
tonsilla pharyngealis,pharyngeal tonsil
tontine,tontine insurance
tontine insurance,tontine
tonus,tonicity
tony blair,Blair
tool,instrument
tool cabinet,toolbox
tool case,toolbox
tool chest,toolbox
tool kit,carpenter's kit
toolbox,tool chest
toolhouse,toolshed
toolshed,toolhouse
toon,cartoon
toona calantas,Philippine mahogany
tooshie,buttocks
toot,carouse
tooth decay,cavity
tooth doctor,dentist
tooth enamel,enamel
tooth powder,toothpowder
tooth root,root
tooth shell,tusk shell
tooth socket,alveolus
toothache,odontalgia
toothache tree,sea ash
toothbrush,soup-strainer
toothbrush tree,mustard tree
toothed spurge,Euphorbia dentata
toothed sword fern,basket fern
toothed wheel,roulette
toothpowder,tooth powder
toothsomeness,delectability
toothwort,crinkleroot
toowomba canary grass,hardinggrass
top banana,kingpin
top boot,buskin
top dog,head
top executive,baron
top hat,dress hat
top of the inning,top
top onion,tree onion
top quark,truth quark
top side,top
topaz,false topaz
topcoat,greatcoat
tope,stupa
topee,pith hat
toper,drinker
toper's nose,rhinophyma
topgallant,topgallant sail
topgallant mast,topgallant
topgallant sail,topgallant
tophus,chalkstone
topi,pith hat
topic,subject
topical anaesthesia,topical anesthesia
topical anaesthetic,local anesthetic
topical anesthesia,topical anaesthesia
topical anesthetic,local anesthetic
topminnow,poeciliid fish
topognosia,topognosis
topognosis,topognosia
topographic anatomy,regional anatomy
topographic point,place
topolatry,place-worship
topological space,mathematical space
topology,regional anatomy
toponomy,toponymy
toponym,place name
toponymy,toponomy
topper,best
topsoil,surface soil
topsy-turvydom,chaos
topsy-turvyness,chaos
topv,Sabin vaccine
toque,pillbox
toradol,ketorolac tromethamine
torch,common mullein
torchwood family,Burseraceae
tore,torus
toreador,bullfighter
toreador pants,pedal pusher
torino,Turin
torment,torture
tormenter,tormentor
tormentor,tormenter
tornado,twister
tornado cellar,storm cellar
tornado lantern,hurricane lamp
tornillo,screw bean
torodal,ketorolac
toroid,torus
torpedo,gunman
torpidity,torpor
torpidness,listlessness
torpor,torpidity
torquato tasso,Tasso
torque,torsion
torr,millimeter of mercury
torrent,downpour
torrey's pine,Torrey pine
torrey tree,stinking cedar
torreya californica,California nutmeg
torreya taxifolia,stinking cedar
torsion,tortuosity
torsk,cusk
torso,trunk
tort,civil wrong
tort-feasor,tortfeasor
tortfeasor,tort-feasor
torticollis,wryneck
tortoise plant,elephant's-foot
tortoiseshell,tortoiseshell butterfly
tortoiseshell-cat,tortoiseshell
tortoiseshell butterfly,tortoiseshell
tortoiseshell turtle,hawksbill turtle
tortricid,tortricid moth
tortricid moth,tortricid
tortrix,orange tortrix
tortuosity,tortuousness
tortuousness,tortuosity
torture,anguish
torus,toroid
toscana,Tuscany
tosh,baloney
tosk dialect,Tosk
toss,flip
toss-up,tossup
toss bombing,loft bombing
tosser,jerk-off
tossup,toss-up
tot,toddler
total aphasia,global aphasia
total darkness,lightlessness
total heat,heat content
total parenteral nutrition,TPN
totalisator,pari-mutuel machine
totaliser,pari-mutuel machine
totalism,absolutism
totalitarian state,totalitation regime
totalitarianism,dictatorship
totalitation regime,totalitarian state
totality,entirety
totalizator,pari-mutuel machine
totalizer,pari-mutuel machine
totara,Podocarpus totara
tote,carryall
tote bag,carryall
toter,carrier
totipotence,totipotency
totipotency,totipotence
totten trust,savings account trust
totterer,staggerer
touch,touching
touch-me-not,jewelweed
touch modality,touch
touch perception,tactual sensation
touch screen,touchscreen
touch sensation,touch
touch system,touch typing
touch typing,touch system
touchiness,testiness
touchscreen,touch screen
touchstone,standard
touchwood,kindling
tough guy,plug-ugly
tough luck,misfortune
toughie,hood
toughness,stamina
toupe,toupee
toupee,toupe
tour,circuit
tour of duty,enlistment
touraco,turaco
tourer,tourist
touring car,phaeton
tourism,touristry
tourist,tourer
tourist class,third class
tourist court,motor hotel
touristry,tourism
tournament,tourney
tourney,tournament
tourniquet,compression bandage
tout,ticket tout
touter,tout
tovarich,tovarisch
tovarisch,tovarich
tow,towage
tow-headed snake,rubber boa
tow car,tow truck
tow truck,tow car
towage,tow
towboat,tugboat
towel bar,towel rail
towel horse,towel rack
towel rack,towel horse
towel rail,towel bar
toweling,towelling
towelling,toweling
tower,column
tower block,high-rise
tower cress,tower mustard
tower mustard,tower cress
tower of strength,pillar of strength
towing line,towline
towing path,towpath
towing rope,towline
towline,towrope
town,townspeople
town crier,crier
town house,row house
town planning,city planning
towner,townsman
townie,towny
townsend harris,Harris
townsendia exscapa,Easter daisy
townsfolk,town
township,town
townsman,towner
townspeople,town
towny,townie
towpath,towing path
towrope,towline
toxaemia,toxemia of pregnancy
toxaemia of pregnancy,toxemia of pregnancy
toxemia,toxemia of pregnancy
toxemia of pregnancy,toxaemia of pregnancy
toxic condition,poisoning
toxic dumpsite,toxic waste dump
toxic industrial waste,toxic waste
toxic shock,toxic shock syndrome
toxic shock syndrome,toxic shock
toxic site,toxic waste area
toxic waste,toxic industrial waste
toxic waste area,toxic site
toxic waste dump,toxic waste site
toxic waste site,toxic waste dump
toxicity,perniciousness
toxicodendron diversilobum,western poison oak
toxicodendron quercifolium,eastern poison oak
toxicodendron radicans,poison ivy
toxicodendron vernicifluum,varnish tree
toxicodendron vernix,poison ash
toxoid,anatoxin
toxostoma rufums,brown thrasher
toxotes jaculatrix,archerfish
toy,plaything
toy box,toy chest
toy business,toy industry
toy chest,toy box
toy dog,toy
toy industry,toy business
toy manchester terrier,toy Manchester
toying,flirt
toyon,tollon
tpn,total parenteral nutrition
tra-la,tra-la-la
tra-la-la,tra-la
trablous,Tarabulus
trace,hint
tracer,tracer bullet
tracer bullet,tracer
trachea,windpipe
tracheal vein,vena trachealis
trachelospermum jasminoides,star jasmine
tracheophyte,vascular plant
tracheostomy,tracheotomy
tracheotomy,tracheostomy
trachinotus carolinus,Florida pompano
trachinotus falcatus,permit
trachipterus arcticus,dealfish
trachodon,trachodont
trachodont,trachodon
trachurus symmetricus,horse mackerel
trachurus trachurus,horse mackerel
tracing,trace
track,path
track record,record
tracking,trailing
tracklayer,platelayer
trackless trolley,trolleybus
tract,piece of land
tractability,tractableness
tractableness,tractability
traction,grip
tractor trailer,trailer truck
trade,craft
trade-off,tradeoff
trade balance,balance of trade
trade barrier,import barrier
trade book,trade edition
trade cycle,business cycle
trade edition,trade book
trade embargo,embargo
trade expense,business expense
trade gap,balance of trade
trade good,commodity
trade name,brand name
trade policy,national trading policy
trade protection,protection
trade rat,packrat
trade route,seaway
trade school,vocational school
trade stoppage,embargo
trade union,union
trade union movement,labor movement
trade unionism,unionism
trade unionist,unionist
trade wind,trade
trademark,hallmark
tradeoff,trade-off
trader,bargainer
trades union,union
tradesman,shopkeeper
trading floor,floor
trading operations,operations
trading post,country store
tradition,custom
traditional knowledge,lore
traditionalism,traditionality
traditionality,traditionalism
traducement,defamation
traducer,defamer
traffic,dealings
traffic circle,circle
traffic island,safety island
traffic jam,snarl-up
traffic light,traffic signal
traffic pattern,approach pattern
traffic signal,traffic light
trafficator,blinker
trafficker,seller
tragedy,calamity
tragelaphus angasi,nyala
tragelaphus buxtoni,mountain nyala
tragelaphus eurycerus,bongo
tragelaphus imberbis,lesser kudu
tragelaphus scriptus,bushbuck
tragelaphus strepsiceros,greater kudu
tragic flaw,hamartia
tragicomedy,seriocomedy
tragopogon dubius,yellow salsify
tragopogon porrifolius,salsify
tragopogon pratensis,meadow salsify
tragulus javanicus,napu
tragulus kanchil,kanchil
trail,lead
trail bike,dirt bike
trail head,trailhead
trailblazer,pioneer
trailer,dawdler
trailer camp,trailer park
trailer park,trailer camp
trailer truck,tractor trailer
trailhead,trail head
trailing,tracking
trailing arbutus,mayflower
trailing four o'clock,trailing windmills
trailing windmills,trailing four o'clock
train,railroad train
train depot,railway station
train dispatcher,yardmaster
train of thought,thread
train oil,whale oil
train station,railway station
train ticket,railroad ticket
trained nurse,graduate nurse
trained worker,skilled worker
trainer,flight simulator
training,preparation
training school,reformatory
training ship,school ship
trainman,railroader
trainmaster,yardmaster
traitor,treasonist
traitorousness,treason
trajectory,flight
tram,tramway
tramcar,tram
tramline,tramway
trammel,trammel net
trammel net,trammel
tramontana,tramontane
tramp,hobo
tramp's spurge,wild spurge
tramp steamer,tramp
tramper,stamper
trample,trampling
trampler,stamper
trampling,trample
tramway,tram
trance,enchantment
trandate,labetalol
trandolapril,Mavik
tranquility,repose
tranquilizer,tranquillizer
tranquilliser,tranquilizer
tranquillity,tranquility
tranquillizer,tranquilizer
trans-alaska pipeline,Alaskan pipeline
transaction,dealing
transaction file,detail file
transactions,minutes
transaminase,aminotransferase
transcendence,transcendency
transcendency,transcendence
transcendental philosophy,transcendentalism
transcendentalism,transcendental philosophy
transcriber,translator
transcript,copy
transcriptase,RNA polymerase
transcription,written text
transdermal patch,skin patch
transducing vector,gene delivery vector
transexual,transsexual
transfer,transportation
transfer of training,transfer
transferee,transfer
transference,transfer
transferer,transferrer
transferral,transportation
transferred possession,transferred property
transferred property,transferred possession
transferrer,transferer
transferrin,beta globulin
transfiguration day,Transfiguration
transfiguration of jesus,Transfiguration
transformation,transmutation
transforming gene,oncogene
transfusion,blood transfusion
transgression,evildoing
transience,transiency
transiency,transience
transient ischemic attack,TIA
transistor,junction transistor
transit,theodolite
transit declinometer,declinometer
transition,passage
transitive verb,transitive verb form
transitive verb form,transitive verb
transitiveness,transitivity
transitivity,transitiveness
transitoriness,transience
translating program,translator
translation,interlingual rendition
translator,transcriber
translucence,translucency
translucency,translucence
translucent substance,transparent substance
transmission,transmittal
transmission channel,channel
transmission control protocol,TCP
transmission control protocol/internet protocol,TCP/IP
transmission density,optical density
transmission line,cable
transmission system,transmission
transmission time,TRM
transmittal,transmission
transmittance,transmission
transmitter,sender
transmitting,transmission
transmitting aerial,antenna
transmutability,commutability
transmutation,transubstantiation
transom,transom window
transom window,transom
transparence,transparency
transparency,transparence
transparent quartz,rock crystal
transparent substance,translucent substance
transparentness,transparency
transplant,graft
transplantation,transplant
transplanting,transplant
transport,conveyance
transportation,transportation system
transportation secretary,Secretary of Transportation
transportation system,transportation
transporter,car transporter
transposability,permutability
transposition,heterotaxy
transposon,jumping gene
transsexual surgery,sex-change operation
transshipment center,entrepot
transubstantiation,transmutation
transudate,transudation
transudation,transudate
transurethral resection of the prostate,TURP
transvaal daisy,Barberton daisy
transvaal kafferboom,kaffir boom
transverse flute,flute
transverse muscle of abdomen,transversus abdominis muscle
transverse sinus,sinus transversus
transversus abdominis,transversus abdominis muscle
transversus abdominis muscle,transverse muscle of abdomen
transvestism,transvestitism
transvestitism,transvestism
trap,snare
trap play,mousetrap
trapa bicornis,ling
trapa natans,water caltrop
trapezium bone,trapezium
trapezius,trapezius muscle
trapezius muscle,trapezius
trapezoid,trapezoid bone
trapezoid bone,trapezoid
trapper's tea,glandular Labrador tea
trapping,caparison
trappings,furnishing
trapshooting,skeet
trash,rubbish
trash barrel,ashcan
trash bin,ashcan
trash can,ashcan
trash collection,garbage collection
trash dump,dump
trash heap,garbage heap
trash pickup,garbage collection
trash pile,garbage heap
trashiness,shoddiness
trauma,injury
traumatic epilepsy,posttraumatic epilepsy
traumatology,accident surgery
trautvetteria carolinensis,false bugbane
travail,parturiency
trave,traverse
travel,traveling
travel allowance,travel reimbursement
travel and entertainment account,expense account
travel guidebook,itinerary
travel kit,toilet kit
travel plan,itinerary
travel reimbursement,travel allowance
traveler,traveller
traveler's check,traveller's check
traveler's joy,traveller's joy
traveler's letter of credit,traveller's letter of credit
traveler's tree,traveller's tree
traveling,travel
traveling bag,bag
traveling salesman,travelling salesman
traveling wave,travelling wave
traveller,traveler
traveller's check,traveler's check
traveller's joy,traveler's joy
traveller's letter of credit,traveler's letter of credit
traveller's tree,traveler's tree
travelling,travel
travelling bag,bag
travelling salesman,traveling salesman
travelling wave,traveling wave
travelog,travelogue
travelogue,travelog
traversal,traverse
traverse,trave
travesty,farce
trawl,trawl line
trawl line,trawl
trawl net,trawl
trawler,dragger
trazodone,trazodone hydrochloride
trazodone hydrochloride,trazodone
treachery,perfidy
treacle,golden syrup
tread,pace
tread-softly,spurge nettle
tread-wheel,treadmill
treadle,pedal
treadmill,treadwheel
treadwheel,treadmill
treason,high treason
treasonist,traitor
treasure,hoarded wealth
treasure flower,Gazania rigens
treasure state,Montana
treasure trove,trove
treasurer,financial officer
treasurer's check,cashier's check
treasurer's cheque,cashier's check
treasury,exchequer
treasury department,Department of the Treasury
treasury obligations,Treasury
treasury secretary,Secretary of the Treasury
treasury shares,treasury stock
treasury stock,treasury shares
treat,dainty
treater,negotiator
treatment,intervention
treaty,pact
treble clef,treble staff
treble recorder,flageolet
treble staff,treble clef
trebuchet,catapult
trebucket,catapult
tree,tree diagram
tree-frog,tree toad
tree-worship,arborolatry
tree branch,limb
tree celandine,bocconia
tree clubmoss,ground fir
tree cotton,sea island cotton
tree creeper,creeper
tree diagram,tree
tree farmer,forester
tree farming,arboriculture
tree frog,tree toad
tree fuchsia,konini
tree heath,grass tree
tree kangaroo,tree wallaby
tree line,timber line
tree lizard,Urosaurus ornatus
tree lupine,Lupinus arboreus
tree mallow,velvetleaf
tree martin,tree swallow
tree of heaven,tree of the gods
tree of the gods,tree of heaven
tree onion,Egyptian onion
tree poppy,bush poppy
tree sloth,sloth
tree sparrow,Passer montanus
tree stump,stump
tree surgeon,arborist
tree swallow,white-bellied swallow
tree swift,crested swift
tree toad,tree frog
tree tobacco,mustard tree
tree tomato,tamarillo
tree trunk,trunk
tree wallaby,tree kangaroo
treenail,trenail
treetop,crown
trefoil,medic
treillage,trellis
trellis,treillage
trematode,fluke
trematode worm,fluke
tremble,shiver
trembler,quaker
trembles,milk sickness
tremella fuciformis,snow mushroom
tremella lutescens,witches' butter
tremor,shudder
trenail,treenail
trench,deep
trench foot,immersion foot
trench mortar,mortar
trench mouth,Vincent's angina
trenchancy,incisiveness
trencherman,glutton
trenching spade,entrenching tool
trend,tendency
trend-setter,taste-maker
trent river,Trent
trental,pentoxifylline
trente-et-quarante,rouge et noir
trepan,trephine
trepang,Holothuria edulis
trephine,trepan
trephritidae,Trypetidae
trespass,encroachment
trespasser,intruder
tress,braid
trey,three
trf,thyrotropin-releasing hormone
trh,thyrotropin-releasing hormone
tri-iodomethane,iodoform
triacetate,cellulose triacetate
triad,three
triaenodon obseus,whitetip shark
trial,test
trial attorney,trial lawyer
trial by ordeal,ordeal
trial impression,proof
trial lawyer,trial attorney
trial period,test period
trial run,trial
trialeurodes vaporariorum,greenhouse whitefly
triamcinolone,Aristocort
triangle,trigon
triangular bandage,sling
triassic period,Triassic
triavil,perphenazine
triazolam,Halcion
tribade,lesbian
tribal chief,headman
tribal sheik,sheik
tribal sheikh,sheik
tribalisation,tribalization
tribalization,tribalisation
tribasic sodium phosphate,trisodium phosphate
tribe,folk
tribe bambuseae,Bambuseae
tribe bovini,Bovini
tribe bubalus,Bubalus
tribe synercus,Synercus
tribromoethanol,tribromoethyl alcohol
tribromoethyl alcohol,tribromoethanol
tribromomethane,bromoform
tribulation,trial
tribulus terestris,caltrop
tribunal,court
tribute,testimonial
tribute album,benefit album
tricarboxylic acid cycle,Krebs cycle
trice,blink of an eye
triceps brachii,musculus triceps brachii
trichechus manatus,manatee
trichina,Trichinella spiralis
trichinella spiralis,trichina
trichiniasis,trichinosis
trichinosis,trichiniasis
trichion,crinion
trichloracetic acid,trichloroacetic acid
trichlormethiazide,Naqua
trichloroacetic acid,trichloracetic acid
trichloroethane,trichloroethylene
trichloroethylene,trichloroethane
trichloromethane,chloroform
trichobezoar,hairball
trichoglossus moluccanus,rainbow lorikeet
tricholoma flavovirens,man-on-a-horse
tricholoma irinum,Clitocybe irina
tricholoma populinum,sandy mushroom
trichomanes boschianum,hare's-foot bristle fern
trichomanes reniforme,kidney fern
trichomanes speciosum,Killarney fern
trichophaga tapetzella,carpet moth
trichopteran,trichopterous insect
trichopteron,trichopterous insect
trichopterous insect,trichopteran
trichostema dichotomum,bastard pennyroyal
trichostema lanatum,black sage
trichostema lanceolatum,turpentine camphor weed
trichosurus vulpecula,brush-tailed phalanger
trichromacy,color vision
trichys lipura,long-tailed porcupine
trick,fast one
tricker,prankster
trickery,hocus-pocus
trickiness,rascality
trickle,drip
trickster,prankster
tricolor television tube,tricolour television tube
tricolor tube,tricolor television tube
tricolour,tricolor
tricolour television tube,tricolor television tube
tricolour tube,tricolor television tube
tricorn,tricorne
tricorne,tricorn
tricuspid valve,right atrioventricular valve
tricycle,trike
tricyclic,tricyclic antidepressant
tricyclic antidepressant,tricyclic
tricyclic antidepressant drug,tricyclic
tridacna gigas,giant clam
trier,attempter
trifid beggar-ticks,European beggar-ticks
trifid bur marigold,European beggar-ticks
trifle,technicality
trifluoromethane,fluoroform
trifoliata,trifoliate orange
trifoliate orange,trifoliata
trifolium alpinum,alpine clover
trifolium dubium,hop clover
trifolium incarnatum,crimson clover
trifolium pratense,red clover
trifolium reflexum,buffalo clover
trifolium repens,white clover
trifolium stoloniferum,buffalo clover
trigeminal,trigeminal nerve
trigeminal nerve,trigeminal
trigeminal neuralgia,tic douloureux
trigeminus,trigeminal
trigger,gun trigger
triggerman,gunman
trigla lucerna,tub gurnard
triglochin maritima,arrow grass
trigon,triangle
trigonella foenumgraecum,fenugreek
trigonella ornithopodioides,bird's foot trefoil
trigonometric function,circular function
trigonometry,trig
trigonum cerebrale,fornix
triiodomethane,iodoform
triiodothyronine,liothyronine
trike,tricycle
trilisa odoratissima,wild vanilla
trill,shake
trillion floating point operations per second,teraflop
trillium,wood lily
trillium erectum,purple trillium
trillium family,Trilliaceae
trillium recurvatum,prairie wake-robin
trillium sessile,red trillium
trimipramine,Surmontil
trimmer,pruner
trimmer joist,trimmer
trimming,trim
trimming capacitor,trimmer
trimmings,fixings
trimness,trim
trimorphodon lambda,Sonoran lyre snake
trimox,amoxicillin
trine,three
trinectes maculatus,hogchoker
tringa flavipes,lesser yellowlegs
tringa melanoleuca,greater yellowlegs
tringa nebularia,greenshank
tringa totanus,redshank
trinil man,Java man
trinitroglycerin,nitroglycerin
trinitrotoluene,TNT
trinity,three
trinket,bangle
trio,three
triolein,olein
trionyx muticus,smooth softshell
trionyx spiniferus,spiny softshell
triostium perfoliatum,feverroot
trip,slip
trip-up,trip
tripalmitin,glycerol tripalmitate
tripe,folderol
triple-decker,club sandwich
triple cream,triple creme
triple creme,triple cream
triple jump,hop-step-and-jump
triplet,three
tripleurospermum inodorum,scentless camomile
tripleurospermum oreades tchihatchewii,turfing daisy
tripleurospermum tchihatchewii,turfing daisy
triplicity,trigon
triplochiton scleroxcylon,obeche
tripoli,rottenstone
tripper,stumbler
triquetral,triquetral bone
triquetral bone,triquetral
triquetrous leek,three-cornered leek
triskele,triskelion
triskelion,triskele
trisodium orthophosphate,trisodium phosphate
trisodium phosphate,trisodium orthophosphate
trisomy 21,mongolism
tristan tzara,Tzara
tristearin,glycerol tristearate
tristram,Tristan
tritanopia,blue-blindness
triteness,staleness
triticum aestivum,common wheat
triticum aestivum spelta,spelt
triticum dicoccum,emmer
triticum dicoccum dicoccoides,wild wheat
triticum durum,durum
triticum spelta,spelt
triticum turgidum,durum
tritoma,kniphofia
triturus vulgaris,common newt
triumph,victory
trivalent live oral poliomyelitis vaccine,Sabin vaccine
trivia,triviality
triviality,pettiness
trm,transmission time
trna,transfer RNA
troche,cough drop
trochlear,trochlear nerve
trochlear nerve,trochlear
trochlearis,trochlear
trofim denisovich lysenko,Lysenko
trogium pulsatorium,common booklouse
troglodyte,hermit
troglodytes aedon,house wren
troglodytes troglodytes,winter wren
troika,three
trojan horse,fifth column
troll,round
troller,angler
trolley,streetcar
trolley car,streetcar
trolley coach,trolleybus
trolleybus,trolley coach
trolling,troll
trollop,slattern
trombone player,trombonist
trombonist,trombone player
trompillo,white horse nettle
trondheim fiord,Trondheim Fjord
troop,scout troop
troop carrier,troop transport
troop transport,troop carrier
trooper,cavalryman
troops,military personnel
tropaeolum majus,garden nasturtium
tropaeolum minus,bush nasturtium
tropaeolum peregrinum,canarybird flower
trope,figure of speech
trophy,prize
tropic bird,tropicbird
tropical rain forest,selva
tropical sore,cutaneous leishmaniasis
tropical sprue,sprue
tropical year,solar year
tropical zone,Torrid Zone
tropicbird,tropic bird
tropics,Torrid Zone
tropidoclonion lineatum,lined snake
troponomy,troponymy
troponym,manner name
troponymy,troponomy
trot,jog
troth,betrothal
trotline,trawl
trotskyist,Trotskyite
trotter,trotting horse
trotting horse,trotter
troubadour,folk singer
trouble,problem
trouble maker,troublemaker
trouble shooter,troubleshooter
troublemaker,trouble maker
troubler,troublemaker
troubleshooter,trouble shooter
troublesomeness,inconvenience
trough,gutter
trouncing,thrashing
troupe,company
trouper,barnstormer
trouser,pant
trouser clip,bicycle clip
trouser leg,pant leg
trouser press,pants presser
trousering,panting
trout lily,yellow adder's tongue
trove,treasure trove
troy,troy weight
troy ounce,ounce
troy pound,apothecaries' pound
troy weight,troy
truancy,hooky
truce,armistice
truck,motortruck
truck driver,teamster
truck farm,truck garden
truck garden,truck farm
truckage,hauling
trucker,teamster
trucking,hauling
trucking rig,trailer truck
truckle,trundle bed
truckle bed,trundle bed
truckler,apple polisher
truculence,truculency
truculency,truculence
trudger,plodder
true bacteria,eubacteria
true blackberry,Rubus fruticosus
true cat,cat
true cedar,cedar
true dwarf,primordial dwarf
true fir,fir
true flycatcher,Old World flycatcher
true frog,ranid
true glottis,rima glottidis
true guava,guava
true heath,erica
true jasmine,common jasmine
true laurel,bay
true lover's knot,love knot
true lovers' knot,love knot
true mahogany,Cuban mahogany
true pepper,pepper vine
true pine,pine
true puffball,puffball
true sago palm,Metroxylon sagu
true sandalwood,sandalwood tree
true seal,earless seal
true senna,Alexandria senna
true slime mold,acellular slime mold
true sparrow,sparrow
true statement,truth
true tulipwood,tulipwood
true vampire bat,vampire bat
true vocal cord,true vocal fold
true vocal fold,true vocal cord
true warbler,Old World warbler
truelove,sweetheart
truelove knot,fisherman's knot
trueness,truth
truffle,earthnut
trump,trump card
trump card,trump
trumpery,folderol
trumpet,cornet
trumpet-wood,trumpetwood
trumpet creeper,trumpet vine
trumpet flower,chalice vine
trumpet honeysuckle,coral honeysuckle
trumpet tree,trumpetwood
trumpet vine,trumpet creeper
trumpet weed,Joe-Pye weed
trumpeter,cornetist
trumpeter swan,trumpeter
trumpetfish,Aulostomus maculatus
trumpets,huntsman's horn
trumpetwood,trumpet-wood
trumping,ruff
truncation,shortness
truncheon,nightstick
truncus atrioventricularis,atrioventricular bundle
truncus celiacus,celiac trunk
truncus pulmonalis,pulmonary trunk
trundle,trundle bed
trundle bed,trundle
trunk,tree trunk
trunk call,long distance
trunk line,trunk route
trunk road,highroad
trunk route,trunk line
trunkfish,boxfish
trunks,short pants
trunnel,treenail
truss,corbel
trust,reliance
trust account,savings account trust
trust company,trust corporation
trust corporation,trust company
trust deed,deed of trust
trust territory,trusteeship
trustee,legal guardian
trustee account,savings account trust
trusteeship,trust territory
truster,believer
trustfulness,trust
trustiness,trustworthiness
trustingness,trust
trustor,settlor
trustworthiness,trustiness
truth,the true
truth drug,truth serum
truth quark,top quark
truth serum,truth drug
try,attempt
try-on,fitting
trygve halvden lie,Lie
trygve lie,Lie
trying on,fitting
tryout,trial
tryptophan,tryptophane
tryptophane,tryptophan
tryst,rendezvous
tsa,Transportation Security Administration
tsar,czar
tsarina,czarina
tsaritsa,czarina
tsaritsyn,Volgograd
tsatske,chachka
tsetse,tsetse fly
tsetse fly,tsetse
tsh,thyrotropin
tshatshke,chachka
tshiluba,Luba
tsine,banteng
tss,toxic shock
tsuga canadensis,eastern hemlock
tsuga caroliniana,Carolina hemlock
tsuga heterophylla,western hemlock
tsuga mertensiana,mountain hemlock
tsung dao lee,Lee
tsutsugamushi disease,scrub typhus
tt,terrestrial time
tuatara,Sphenodon punctatum
tuatha de,Tuatha De Danann
tub,bathtub
tub-cart,pony cart
tub gurnard,yellow gurnard
tuba,bass horn
tuba root,derris root
tubbiness,chubbiness
tube,tubing
tube-nosed bat,harpy
tube-nosed fruit bat,harpy
tube-shaped structure,tube
tube well,driven well
tube wrench,pipe wrench
tubeless tire,tubeless
tuber root,butterfly weed
tubercle,nodule
tubercle bacillus,Mycobacterium tuberculosis
tuberculin skin test,tuberculin test
tuberculin test,tuberculin skin test
tuberculosis,TB
tuberose,Polianthes tuberosa
tuberosity,tubercle
tuberous vetch,heath pea
tubful,tub
tubing,tube
tubocurarine,curare
tuck,rapier
tuckahoe,green arrow arum
tucket,flourish
tues,Tuesday
tufa,calc-tufa
tuff,tufa
tuffet,footstool
tuft,tussock
tufted centaury,Centaurium scilloides
tufted gentian,Gentianopsis holopetala
tufted pansy,horned violet
tufted puffin,Lunda cirrhata
tufted titmouse,Parus bicolor
tufted vetch,bird vetch
tug,jerk
tugboat,tug
tugela falls,Tugela
tugger,puller
tughrik,tugrik
tugrik,tughrik
tuileries gardens,Tuileries
tuileries palace,Tuileries
tuition,tuition fee
tuition fee,tuition
tularaemia,tularemia
tularemia,tularaemia
tule tree,Ahuehuete
tulestoma,Tulostoma
tulip gentian,prairie gentian
tulip orchid,Encyclia citrina
tulip poplar,tulip tree
tulip tree,tulip poplar
tulipa armena,dwarf tulip
tulipa clusiana,lady tulip
tulipa suaveolens,dwarf tulip
tulipwood,true tulipwood
tully,Cicero
tulostomataceae,Tulostomaceae
tum,stomach
tumble,spill
tumble-dryer,tumble drier
tumble drier,tumble-dryer
tumble grass,witchgrass
tumbler,roller
tumbler pigeon,roller
tumbleweed,Russian thistle
tumbling,acrobatics
tumbrel,tumbril
tumbril,tumbrel
tumidity,tumidness
tumidness,tumidity
tummy,pot
tummy crunch,stomach exercise
tummy tuck,abdominoplasty
tumor,tumour
tumor necrosis factor,tumour necrosis factor
tumour,tumor
tumour necrosis factor,tumor necrosis factor
tumult,tumultuousness
tumultuous disturbance,outburst
tumultuousness,tumult
tumulus,burial mound
tuna,Opuntia tuna
tuna fish,tuna
tuna fish salad,tuna salad
tuna salad,tuna fish salad
tundra swan,Cygnus columbianus
tune,melody
tune-up,warm-up
tunefulness,melodiousness
tuner,piano tuner
tung,tung tree
tung-oil tree,tung tree
tung oil,Chinese wood oil
tung tree,tung
tunga penetrans,chigoe
tungsten,wolfram
tungsten steel,wolfram steel
tungusic language,Tungusic
tunguz,Tungus
tunic,tunica
tunica,tunic
tunica conjunctiva bulbi,bulbar conjunctiva
tunica conjunctiva palpebrarum,palpebra conjunctiva
tunicata,Urochordata
tunicate,urochordate
tunker,Dunker
tunnage,tonnage
tunnel,burrow
tunny,tuna
tup,ram
tupek,tupik
tupelo,tupelo tree
tupelo family,Nyssaceae
tupelo tree,tupelo
tupi-guarani language,Tupi-Guarani
tupik,tupek
tuppence,twopence
turaco,touraco
turacou,touraco
turakoo,touraco
turban,pillbox
turban squash,Cucurbita maxima turbaniformis
turbatrix,Anguillula
turbatrix aceti,vinegar eel
turbidity,turbidness
turbidness,turbidity
turbinal,turbinate bone
turbinate bone,turbinate
turbo-propeller plane,propjet
turbofan,fanjet
turbofan engine,fanjet
turbojet,fanjet
turbojet engine,fanjet
turboprop,propjet
turbot,Psetta maxima
turbulence,turbulency
turbulency,turbulence
turcoman,Turkoman
turd,crap
turdus greyi,clay-colored robin
turdus iliacus,redwing
turdus merula,blackbird
turdus migratorius,robin
turdus philomelos,song thrush
turdus pilaris,fieldfare
turdus torquatus,ring ouzel
turdus viscivorus,missel thrush
turf,sod
turfan dialect,Turfan
turfing daisy,Tripleurospermum tchihatchewii
turgidity,turgidness
turgidness,turgidity
turk's cap-lily,Turk's-cap
turkestan,Turkistan
turkestan desert,Kara Kum
turkey,Meleagris gallopavo
turkey buzzard,buzzard
turkey cock,gobbler
turkey drumstick,turkey leg
turkey leg,turkey drumstick
turkey oak,American turkey oak
turkey vulture,buzzard
turkic language,Turki
turkish boxwood,boxwood
turkish capital,Ankara
turkish empire,Ottoman Empire
turkish lira,lira
turkmenia,Turkmenistan
turko-tatar,Turki
turkomen,Turkmenistan
turmeric,Curcuma longa
turmeric root,goldenseal
turmoil,convulsion
turn,bend
turn around,reversal
turn indicator,blinker
turn of events,turn
turn of expression,turn of phrase
turn of phrase,turn of expression
turn signal,blinker
turnabout,reversal
turnaround,turnaround time
turnaround time,turnaround
turncoat,deserter
turncock,stopcock
turndown,nonacceptance
turning,turn
turning away,avoidance
turning point,landmark
turnip,white turnip
turnip-rooted celery,celeriac
turnip-rooted parsley,Hamburg parsley
turnip cabbage,rutabaga
turnix sylvatica,striped button quail
turnkey,prison guard
turnoff,negative stimulation
turnout,widening
turnover,employee turnover
turnover rate,employee turnover
turnpike,toll road
turnround,turnaround
turntable,lazy Susan
turnup,cuff
turp,transurethral resection of the prostate
turpentine,gum terpentine
turpentine camphor weed,camphorweed
turpentine weed,rabbitweed
turpitude,depravity
turps,turpentine
turquoise,greenish blue
turret,gun enclosure
turritis glabra,tower mustard
tursiops gilli,Pacific bottlenose dolphin
tursiops truncatus,Atlantic bottlenose dolphin
turtle,turtleneck
turtle bean,black bean
turtle soup,green turtle soup
turtledove,Australian turtledove
turtlehead,shellflower
turtleneck,turtle
turtleneck collar,polo-neck collar
tush,buttocks
tusk,ivory
tusk shell,tooth shell
tussah,tusseh
tusseh,tussah
tusser,tussah
tussilago alpina,alpine coltsfoot
tussilago farfara,coltsfoot
tussle,hassle
tussock,tuft
tussock bellflower,spreading bellflower
tussock moth,lymantriid
tussore,tussah
tussur,tussah
tutelage,tuition
tutor,coach
tutorship,tutelage
tutsan,common St John's wort
tux,dinner jacket
tuxedo,dinner jacket
tv,television
tv-antenna,television antenna
tv announcer,television announcer
tv audience,viewing audience
tv camera,television camera
tv channel,channel
tv monitor,television monitor
tv newsman,television reporter
tv program,television program
tv reporter,television reporter
tv room,television room
tv set,television receiver
tv show,television program
tv star,television star
tv station,television station
twaddle,baloney
twain,couple
twang,nasal twang
twat,fathead
twayblade,Listera ovata
tweak,pinch
tweed,flannel
tweediness,coarseness
tweedledee and tweedledum,Tweedledum and Tweedledee
tweezer,pincer
twelfth cranial nerve,hypoglossal
twelfth day,Epiphany
twelfth part,one-twelfth
twelve-tone music,12-tone music
twelve-tone system,twelve-tone music
twelve noon,noon
twelve tribes of israel,Tribes of Israel
twelvemonth,year
twenties,mid-twenties
twenty-five percent,one-fourth
twenty-four hour period,day
twenty-four hours,day
twenty-twenty,20/20
twenty dollar bill,twenty
twenty percent,one-fifth
twerp,twirp
twice-baked bread,zwieback
twice-pinnate,bijugate leaf
twiddler,fiddler
twig,branchlet
twilight of the gods,Gotterdammerung
twilight vision,night vision
twilight zone,no man's land
twill,twill weave
twill weave,twill
twin-aisle airplane,widebody aircraft
twin-prop,double-prop
twin-propeller-plane,double-prop
twin bill,doubleheader
twin falls,Twin
twin towers,World Trade Center
twinberry,Lonicera involucrata
twine,string
twinflower,Linnaea borealis
twinge,pang
twinkle,scintillation
twins,Gemini
twirl,kink
twirler,baton twirler
twirp,twerp
twist,turn
twist bit,twist drill
twist drill,twist bit
twist wood,wayfaring tree
twister,tornado
twistwood,wayfaring tree
twit,twerp
twitch,twitching
twitching,twitch
twitter,chirrup
two-bagger,double
two-base hit,double
two-baser,double
two-dimensional figure,plane figure
two-dimensionality,flatness
two-eyed violet,heartsease
two-grain spelt,emmer
two-handed saw,whipsaw
two-hitter,2-hitter
two-man saw,two-handed saw
two-piece suit,two-piece
two-seater,roadster
two-spotted ladybug,Adalia bipunctata
two-timer,double-crosser
two-toed anteater,silky anteater
two-toed sloth,unau
two-wing flying fish,monoplane flying fish
two-winged insects,dipterous insect
two-year-old horse,two year old
two dozen,twenty-four
two iron,midiron
two weeks,fortnight
two year old,two-year-old horse
twopence,tuppence
twosome,couple
twyla tharp,Tharp
tx,Texas
tyan shan,Tien Shan
tycho brahe,Brahe
tycoon,baron
tying,ligature
tying up,docking
tylenchus tritici,wheatworm
tylenol,acetaminophen
tympan,drum
tympani,kettle
tympanic cavity,middle ear
tympanic membrane,eardrum
tympanist,timpanist
tympanuchus cupido,greater prairie chicken
tympanuchus cupido cupido,heath hen
tympanuchus pallidicinctus,lesser prairie chicken
tympanum,middle ear
tyne river,Tyne
type,character
type a,A
type ab,AB
type b,B
type i allergic reaction,immediate allergy
type iv allergic reaction,delayed allergy
type o,O
type of architecture,architectural style
type slug,slug
type specimen,holotype
typeface,font
typesetter,compositor
typesetter's case,case
typewriter font,constant-width font
typewriter paper,typing paper
typewriter ribbon,ribbon
typewriting,typing
typha angustifolia,lesser bullrush
typha latifolia,cat's-tail
typhoid,typhoid fever
typhoid bacillus,Salmonella typhosa
typhoid fever,typhoid
typhoid mary,Mallon
typhus,typhus fever
typhus fever,typhus
typification,exemplification
typing,typewriting
typing paper,typewriter paper
typo,misprint
typographer,compositor
typographical error,misprint
typography,composition
tyrannosaur,tyrannosaurus
tyrannosaurus,tyrannosaur
tyrannosaurus rex,tyrannosaur
tyrannus domenicensis domenicensis,grey kingbird
tyrannus tyrannus,kingbird
tyrannus vociferans,Cassin's kingbird
tyranny,dictatorship
tyrant,autocrat
tyrant bird,New World flycatcher
tyrant flycatcher,New World flycatcher
tyre,Sur
tyro,novice
tyrocidin,tyrocidine
tyrocidine,tyrocidin
tyrr,Tyr
tyto alba,barn owl
tzar,czar
tzarina,czarina
tzetze,tsetse fly
tzetze fly,tsetse fly
u-boat,submarine
u-drive,car rental
u. s. air force,United States Air Force
u. s. army,United States Army
u. s. army special forces,Special Forces
u. s. coast guard,United States Coast Guard
u. s. code,United States Code
u.k.,United Kingdom
u.s.,United States government
u.s. army criminal investigation laboratory,United States Army Criminal Investigation Laboratory
u.s. congress,Congress
u.s. constitution,United States Constitution
u.s. government,United States government
u.s. house,United States House of Representatives
u.s. house of representatives,United States House of Representatives
u.s. mint,United States Mint
u.s. national library of medicine,National Library of Medicine
u.s. senate,United States Senate
u.s. waters,United States waters
u.s.a.,United States
u308,yellowcake
ubermensch,demigod
ubiquinone,coenzyme Q
ubiquitousness,ubiquity
ubiquity,ubiquitousness
uda,Ulster Defence Association
udder,bag
udometer,rain gauge
ufo,unidentified flying object
ugli,tangelo
ugli fruit,tangelo
ugliness,nefariousness
ugo buoncompagni,Gregory
ugrian,Ugric
uhf,ultrahigh frequency
uigur,Uighur
uintathere,dinoceras
uk,United Kingdom
uke,ukulele
ukrayina,Ukraine
ukulele,uke
ulaanbaatar,Ulan Bator
ulama,ulema
ulcer,ulceration
ulcer diet,bland diet
ulceration,ulcer
ulema,ulama
ulex europaeus,gorse
ulfila,Ulfilas
ullr,Ull
ulmus alata,winged elm
ulmus americana,American elm
ulmus campestris sarniensis,Jersey elm
ulmus campestris wheatleyi,Jersey elm
ulmus carpinifolia,smooth-leaved elm
ulmus crassifolia,cedar elm
ulmus glabra,witch elm
ulmus hollandica,Dutch elm
ulmus hollandica vegetata,Huntingdon elm
ulmus laevis,water elm
ulmus parvifolia,Chinese elm
ulmus procera,English elm
ulmus pumila,Siberian elm
ulmus rubra,slippery elm
ulmus sarniensis,Jersey elm
ulmus serotina,September elm
ulmus thomasii,rock elm
ulna,elbow bone
ulnar artery,arteria ulnaris
ulnar nerve,cubital nerve
ulnar vein,vena ulnaris
ulrich zwingli,Zwingli
ultima thule,Thule
ultimacy,ultimateness
ultimateness,ultimacy
ultracef,cefadroxil
ultrahigh frequency,UHF
ultramarine blue,ultramarine
ultramicroscope,dark-field microscope
ultranationalism,chauvinism
ultrasonography,sonography
ultrasound,sonography
ultraviolet illumination,ultraviolet
ultraviolet lamp,ultraviolet source
ultraviolet light,ultraviolet
ultraviolet radiation,ultraviolet
ultraviolet source,ultraviolet lamp
ulugh muz tagh,Ulugh Muztagh
ululation,howl
ulysses grant,Grant
ulysses s. grant,Grant
ulysses simpson grant,Grant
uma notata,fringe-toed lizard
umar al-mukhtar forces,Forces of Umar Al-Mukhtar
umbellifer,umbelliferous plant
umbelliferous plant,umbellifer
umbellularia californica,California laurel
umbilical cord,umbilical
umbilical hernia,omphalocele
umbilical vein,vena umbilicalis
umbilical vesicle,yolk sac
umbilicus,navel
umbrage,offense
umbrella arum,devil's tongue
umbrella bird,Cephalopterus ornatus
umbrella fern,fan fern
umbrella magnolia,umbrella tree
umbrella pine,stone pine
umbrella plant,Indian rhubarb
umbrella sedge,umbrella plant
umbrella tree,Schefflera actinophylla
umbrina roncador,yellowfin croaker
umlaut,dieresis
umma,Ummah
ump,umpire
umpirage,officiation
umpire,ump
un,United Nations
un agency,United Nations agency
unabridged dictionary,unabridged
unacceptability,unacceptableness
unacceptableness,unacceptability
unai,two-toed sloth
unalterability,fixedness
unambiguity,unequivocalness
unappetisingness,unappetizingness
unappetizingness,unappetisingness
unary operation,monadic operation
unassumingness,sincerity
unau,two-toed sloth
unauthorized absence,absence without leave
unavailability,inaccessibility
unavoidability,ineluctability
unavoidable casualty,act of God
unawareness,unknowingness
unbalance,imbalance
unbelief,disbelief
unbeliever,disbeliever
unbounded interval,open interval
unboundedness,infiniteness
uncertainness,uncertainty
uncertainty,uncertainness
uncertainty principle,indeterminacy principle
unchangeability,changelessness
unchangeableness,changelessness
unchangingness,changelessness
uncheerfulness,cheerlessness
unciform bone,hamate
uncle joe,Stilwell
uncle tom,Tom
uncleanness,dirtiness
uncloudedness,clearness
uncomfortableness,discomfort
unconcern,nonchalance
unconditioned reflex,reflex
unconscious mind,unconscious
unconscious process,process
unconstraint,abandon
uncouthness,boorishness
uncovering,denudation
unction,smarm
unctuousness,fulsomeness
undependability,undependableness
undependableness,undependability
underachiever,underperformer
underbelly,underbody
underbodice,camisole
underbody,underbelly
underbrush,undergrowth
underclassman,lowerclassman
underclothes,underwear
underclothing,underwear
undercoat,underseal
undercover agent,spy
undercover work,spying
undercurrent,undertone
undercut,tenderloin
underdrawers,drawers
underestimate,underestimation
underestimation,underestimate
underframe,skeleton
underfur,undercoat
undergarment,unmentionable
undergrad,undergraduate
undergraduate,undergrad
underground press,samizdat
underground railway,Underground Railroad
undergrowth,underbrush
underlay,carpet pad
underlayment,carpet pad
underline,underscore
underling,subordinate
undernourishment,malnourishment
underpass,subway
underperformer,underachiever
underrating,underestimate
underreckoning,underestimate
underscore,underline
underseal,undercoat
undershirt,singlet
underside,bottom
underskirt,petticoat
undersoil,subsoil
understandability,comprehensibility
understructure,foundation
understudy,standby
undersurface,bottom
undertaker,mortician
undertaking,project
undertide,undercurrent
undertone,undercurrent
undertow,sea puss
underwater archaeology,marine archeology
underwater archeology,marine archeology
underwater diver,diver
underwear,underclothes
underwood,underbrush
underworld,Hell
underwriter,investment banker
undescended testicle,undescended testis
undescended testis,undescended testicle
undiscipline,indiscipline
undivided interest,undivided right
undivided right,undivided interest
undoer,opener
undoing,untying
undulant fever,brucellosis
undulation,wave
undulatory theory,wave theory
unearned income,unearned revenue
unearned revenue,unearned income
unease,malaise
uneasiness,edginess
uneducated person,ignoramus
unemotional person,stoic
unemotionality,emotionlessness
unemployed people,unemployed
unequivocalness,unambiguity
unesco,United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization
uneven bars,uneven parallel bars
uneven parallel bars,uneven bars
unevenness,variability
unexpectedness,surprisingness
unfairness,inequity
unfaithfulness,infidelity
unfamiliarity,strangeness
unfastener,undoer
unfastening,untying
unfavorable judgment,criticism
unfavorable position,inferiority
unfavorableness,unfavourableness
unfavourableness,unfavorableness
unfeasibility,infeasibility
unfeelingness,callousness
unfinished business,loose end
unfitness,softness
unfolding,flowering
unfortunate person,unfortunate
ungainliness,gawkiness
ungodliness,godlessness
ungracefulness,gracelessness
ungrateful person,ingrate
ungratefulness,ingratitude
unguent,ointment
unguiculate mammal,unguiculate
unguis,horny structure
unhappiness,sadness
unhealthiness,ill health
unhurriedness,slowness
uniate christian,Uniat
uniate church,Uniat Church
unicef,United Nations Children's Fund
unicorn root,colicroot
unicycle,monocycle
unidentified flying object,UFO
unification,fusion
uniform resource locator,URL
uniformity,uniformness
uniformness,uniformity
unilateral paralysis,hemiplegia
unimportance,humbleness
uninominal system,uninominal voting system
uninominal voting system,uninominal system
unintelligibility,incoherence
union flag,Union Jack
union member,trade unionist
union of burma,Myanmar
union of serbia and montenegro,Serbia and Montenegro
union of soviet socialist republics,Soviet Union
union soldier,Federal
union suit,long underwear
unionisation,unionization
unionism,trade unionism
unionist,trade unionist
unionization,unionisation
uniqueness,singularity
unit,unit of measurement
unit investment trust,unit trust
unit matrix,identity matrix
unit of ammunition,round
unit of measurement,unit
unit of time,time unit
unit trust,unit investment trust
unitard,leotard
united arab emirates's capital,Abu Dhabi
united arab republic,Egypt
united front,Northern Alliance
united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland,United Kingdom
united mexican states,Mexico
united mine workers,United Mine Workers of America
united nations international children's emergency fund,United Nations Children's Fund
united republic of tanzania,Tanzania
united self-defense group of colombia,United Self-Defense Force of Colombia
united society of believers in christ's second appearing,Shakers
united states army special forces,Special Forces
united states attorney general,Attorney General
united states civil war,American Civil War
united states congress,Congress
united states department of defense,Department of Defense
united states department of state,Department of State
united states government accounting office,Government Accounting Office
united states intelligence community,Intelligence Community
united states marines,United States Marine Corps
united states national library of medicine,National Library of Medicine
united states of america,United States
united states president,President of the United States
united states supreme court,Supreme Court
united states treasury,Department of the Treasury
uniting,amalgamation
unitisation,unitization
unitization,unitisation
unity,integrity
universal agent,general agent
universal gas constant,gas constant
universal gravitational constant,gravitational constant
universal joint,universal
universal product code,bar code
universal proposition,universal
universal resource locator,URL
universal solvent,alkahest
universal time,Greenwich Mean Time
universality,catholicity
universe,existence
universe of discourse,universe
university extension,extension
university of paris,Paris University
university student,college student
unix operating system,UNIX
unix system,UNIX
unjustness,injustice
unkemptness,sloppiness
unkind person,meanie
unknowingness,ignorantness
unknown quantity,unknown
unknown region,unknown
unlawful carnal knowledge,criminal congress
unleaded gasoline,unleaded petrol
unleaded petrol,unleaded gasoline
unleavened bread,matzo
unlikelihood,unlikeliness
unlikeliness,unlikelihood
unlikeness,dissimilitude
unlisted security,over the counter security
unlisted stock,over the counter stock
unmanageableness,refractoriness
unmanliness,effeminacy
unmarried man,bachelor
unmasking,expose
unmercifulness,mercilessness
unmindfulness,heedlessness
unnilquadium,rutherfordium
unorthodoxy,heterodoxy
unpaid worker,volunteer
unpalatability,unpalatableness
unpalatableness,unpalatability
unpermissiveness,restrictiveness
unperson,nonperson
unpleasant person,disagreeable person
unpleasant woman,disagreeable woman
unpredictability,capriciousness
unprofitability,unprofitableness
unprofitableness,unprofitability
unpropitiousness,inauspiciousness
unprotectedness,defenselessness
unq,rutherfordium
unquestionability,indisputability
unquestionableness,indisputability
unraveler,disentangler
unraveller,disentangler
unrealism,abstractionism
unreality,irreality
unreason,irrationality
unregularity,irregularity
unreliability,undependability
unreliableness,undependability
unrespectability,disreputability
unresponsiveness,deadness
unrest,agitation
unruliness,fractiousness
unsanctification,profaneness
unsavoriness,disgustingness
unseasonableness,untimeliness
unsecured bond,debenture
unselfishness,generosity
unsimilarity,dissimilarity
unslaked lime,calcium oxide
unsnarling,untangling
unsociability,unsociableness
unsociableness,unsociability
unsolvability,insolubility
unspoken accusation,veiled accusation
unstableness,instability
unsteadiness,ricketiness
unsuccessful person,failure
unsuitability,unsuitableness
unsuitableness,unsuitability
unsusceptibility,immunity
untangling,unsnarling
unthoughtfulness,thoughtlessness
untidiness,messiness
untier,undoer
untimeliness,unseasonableness
untrustiness,untrustworthiness
untrustworthiness,untrustiness
untruth,falsehood
untying,undoing
untypicality,atypicality
ununbium,Uub
ununhexium,Uuh
ununpentium,Uup
ununquadium,Uuq
ununtrium,Uut
unusefulness,inutility
unusual person,anomaly
unveiling,introduction
unwelcome guest,gatecrasher
unwelcome person,persona non grata
unwellness,illness
unwholesomeness,morbidness
unwieldiness,awkwardness
unwillingness,involuntariness
unwiseness,folly
unworthiness,inappropriateness
unyieldingness,adamance
up-to-dateness,currentness
upbraider,reprover
upbraiding,castigation
upbringing,breeding
upending,inversion
upgrade,ascent
upheaval,turbulence
upholder,maintainer
upkeep,care
upland cotton,Gossypium hirsutum
upland plover,upland sandpiper
upland sandpiper,upland plover
upland white aster,Aster ptarmicoides
uplift,upheaval
upper-case letter,capital
upper-normandy,Haute-Normandie
upper avon,Avon
upper avon river,Avon
upper balcony,second balcony
upper berth,upper
upper cannon,rerebrace
upper carboniferous,Pennsylvanian
upper carboniferous period,Pennsylvanian
upper class,upper crust
upper crust,upper class
upper hand,whip hand
upper jaw,upper jawbone
upper jawbone,upper jaw
upper limit,maximum
upper side,top
upper tunguska,Angara
upper volta,Burkina Faso
uppishness,uppityness
uppityness,uppishness
uppp,palatopharyngoplasty
upright piano,upright
uprightness,erectness
uprising,rebellion
uproar,tumult
uprooter,destroyer
upsala,Uppsala
upset stomach,indigestion
upshot,consequence
upside,top
upside-down cake,skillet cake
upsurge,rush
uptake,consumption
upthrow,upheaval
upthrust,upheaval
upton beall sinclair,Sinclair
upton sinclair,Sinclair
upupa epops,Euopean hoopoe
uracil,U
uraemia,uremia
ural mountains,Urals
uralic language,Uralic
uranalysis,urinalysis
uraninite,pitchblende
uranium,U
uranologist,astronomer
uranology,astronomy
uranus,Ouranos
uranyl,uranyl group
uranyl group,uranyl
uranyl radical,uranyl
urarthritis,gout
urban area,populated area
urban center,city
urban planning,city planning
urban sprawl,conurbation
urban typhus,murine typhus
urbanisation,urbanization
urbanization,urbanisation
urea,carbamide
uremia,uraemia
urethral orifice,external orifice
urethral sphincter,musculus sphincter urethrae
urex,methenamine
urga,Ulan Bator
urge,impulse
urgency,importunity
urginea maritima,sea squill
urging,goad
uria aalge,common murre
uria lomvia,thick-billed murre
urial,Ovis vignei
urinalysis,uranalysis
urinary apparatus,urogenital system
urinary calculus,kidney stone
urinary incontinence,enuresis
urinary organ,excretory organ
urinary system,urogenital system
urination,micturition
urinator,pisser
urine,piss
uriniferous tubule,nephron
urmia,Lake Urmia
urn fungus,Urnula craterium
urobilinogen,stercobilinogen
urochesia,urochezia
urochezia,urochesia
urochord,tunicate
urochorda,Urochordata
urochordate,tunicate
urocyon cinereoargenteus,grey fox
urocystis cepulae,onion smut
urocystis tritici,wheat flag smut
urodele,caudate
urogenital apparatus,urogenital system
urogenital cleft,pudendal cleft
urogenital medicine,urology
urogenital system,urogenital apparatus
urokinase,plasminogen activator
urology,urogenital medicine
uropsilus soricipes,Asiatic shrew mole
uropygi,Pedipalpi
uropygial gland,preen gland
urosaurus ornatus,tree lizard
ursa major,Great Bear
ursa minor,Little Bear
ursine dasyure,Tasmanian devil
ursus americanus,American black bear
ursus arctos,brown bear
ursus arctos horribilis,grizzly
ursus arctos middendorffi,Alaskan brown bear
ursus arctos syriacus,Syrian bear
ursus horribilis,grizzly
ursus maritimus,ice bear
ursus middendorffi,Alaskan brown bear
ursus thibetanus,Asiatic black bear
ursus ursinus,sloth bear
urth,Urd
urtica dioica,stinging nettle
urtica pipulifera,Roman nettle
urticaria,urtication
urtication,urticaria
urubupunga falls,Urubupunga
uruguay potato vine,Uruguay potato
urus,aurochs
us,United States
us air force,United States Air Force
us air force academy,United States Air Force Academy
us army,United States Army
us army criminal investigation laboratory,United States Army Criminal Investigation Laboratory
us attorney general,Attorney General
us border patrol,United States Border Patrol
us cabinet,United States Cabinet
us coast guard,United States Coast Guard
us congress,Congress
us constitution,United States Constitution
us fish and wildlife service,United States Fish and Wildlife Service
us government,United States government
us government printing office,United States Government Printing Office
us house,United States House of Representatives
us house of representatives,United States House of Representatives
us marine corps,United States Marine Corps
us marshals service,United States Marshals Service
us military academy,United States Military Academy
us mint,United States Mint
us naval academy,United States Naval Academy
us navy,United States Navy
us post office,United States Post Office
us postal inspection service,United States Postal Inspection Service
us postal service,United States Postal Service
us secret service,United States Secret Service
us senate,United States Senate
us trade representative,United States Trade Representative
usa,United States
usability,serviceability
usableness,serviceability
usacil,United States Army Criminal Investigation Laboratory
usaf,United States Air Force
usage,use
usama bin laden,bin Laden
usance,consumption
usbeg,Uzbek
usbek,Uzbek
uscb,Bureau of Customs
usda,Department of Agriculture
use,usage
use immunity,testimonial immunity
use of goods and services,consumption
useableness,serviceability
used-car,secondhand car
usefulness,utility
uselessness,inutility
user,exploiter
user interface,interface
usher,Ussher
using,exploitation
using up,consumption
uskub,Skopje
usmc,United States Marine Corps
usn,United States Navy
usnea barbata,beard lichen
usps,United States Postal Service
ussr,Soviet Union
usss,United States Secret Service
ustilaginoidea virens,green smut fungus
ustilago maydis,boil smut
usumbura,Bujumbura
usurer,loan shark
usurpation,trespass
usurper,supplanter
usury,vigorish
ut,Greenwich Mean Time
ut1,Greenwich Mean Time
uta stansburiana,side-blotched lizard
utahraptor,superslasher
utc,coordinated universal time
uterine artery,arteria uterina
uterine cervix,cervix
uterine tube,Fallopian tube
uterus,womb
utilisation,use
utiliser,utilizer
utility bond,utility revenue bond
utility program,utility
utility revenue bond,utility bond
utility routine,service routine
utilization,use
utilizer,utiliser
utn,Umma Tameer-e-Nau
uto-aztecan language,Uto-Aztecan
utricle,utriculus
utriculus,utricle
utterance,vocalization
utterer,vocalizer
utterness,starkness
utug,Utu
uub,ununbium
uuh,ununhexium
uup,ununpentium
uuq,ununquadium
uut,ununtrium
uv,ultraviolet
uvularia grandiflora,strawflower
uvulopalatopharyngoplasty,palatopharyngoplasty
ux.,uxor
uxor,ux.
uygur,Uighur
uzbak,Uzbek
uzbeg,Uzbek
v-1,buzz bomb
v.p.,vice president
va,Virginia
vacancy,void
vacant lot,building site
vacation,holiday
vacation spot,resort area
vacationer,vacationist
vacationist,vacationer
vaccaria hispanica,cowherb
vaccaria pyramidata,cowherb
vaccina,vaccinia
vaccinating,inoculating
vaccination,inoculation
vaccinator,inoculator
vaccine,vaccinum
vaccinia,vaccina
vaccinia gangrenosa,progressive vaccinia
vaccinium angustifolium,low-bush blueberry
vaccinium arboreum,farkleberry
vaccinium ashei,rabbiteye blueberry
vaccinium caespitosum,dwarf bilberry
vaccinium corymbosum,high-bush blueberry
vaccinium macrocarpon,American cranberry
vaccinium myrsinites,evergreen blueberry
vaccinium ovatum,evergreen huckleberry
vaccinium oxycoccus,European cranberry
vaccinium pallidum,dryland blueberry
vaccinium pennsylvanicum,low-bush blueberry
vaccinium scoparium,grouseberry
vaccinium stamineum,deerberry
vaccinium uliginosum alpinum,bog bilberry
vaccinium vitis-idaea,cowberry
vaccinum,vaccine
vachel lindsay,Lindsay
vacillation,hesitation
vacillator,waverer
vaclav havel,Havel
vacuity,vacuum
vacuolation,vacuolization
vacuolisation,vacuolization
vacuolization,vacuolisation
vacuum,vacuity
vacuum aspiration,suction curettage
vacuum bag,dust bag
vacuum bomb,thermobaric bomb
vacuum bottle,vacuum flask
vacuum cleaner,vacuum
vacuum flask,vacuum bottle
vacuum gage,vacuum gauge
vacuum gauge,vacuum gage
vacuum pump,air pump
vacuum tube,tube
vade mecum,handbook
vagabondage,wandering
vaginal artery,arteria vaginalis
vaginal birth,childbirth
vaginocele,colpocele
vagn walfrid ekman,Ekman
vagus,vagus nerve
vagus nerve,vagus
vainglory,boastfulness
vaisakha,Baisakh
vaisnavism,Vaishnavism
valance,cornice
valance board,cornice
valdecoxib,Bextra
vale,valley
valediction,valedictory address
valedictorian,valedictory speaker
valedictory address,valediction
valedictory oration,valediction
valedictory speaker,valedictorian
valence,valency
valenciennes lace,Valenciennes
valency,valence
valentina tereshkova,Tereshkova
valentina vladmirovna tereshkova,Tereshkova
valentine's day,Valentine Day
valerian family,Valerianaceae
valeriana officinalis,common valerian
valerianella locusta,common corn salad
valerianella olitoria,common corn salad
valeric acid,pentanoic acid
valet,valet de chambre
valet de chambre,valet
valetta,Valletta
valetudinarianism,infirmity
valiance,heroism
valiancy,heroism
validation,proof
validity,cogency
validness,validity
valium,diazepam
vallecula,groove
valley,vale
valley fever,coccidioidomycosis
valley oak,California white oak
valley pocket gopher,Thomomys bottae
valley white oak,California white oak
vallisneria spiralis,tape grass
valor,heroism
valorousness,heroism
valour,heroism
valproic acid,Depokene
valsartan,Diovan
valse,waltz
valuableness,invaluableness
valuation,evaluation
valuation account,valuation reserve
valuation reserve,valuation account
valuator,appraiser
value,economic value
value-added tax,VAT
value-system,ethic
value judgement,value judgment
value judgment,value judgement
value orientation,ethic
values,value
valve rocker,rocker arm
valvelet,valvule
valvotomy,valvulotomy
valvula,valvule
valvule,valvelet
valvulotomy,valvotomy
vambrace,lower cannon
vamp,coquette
vamper,coquette
vampire,lamia
vampire bat,true vampire bat
van,avant-garde
van beethoven,Beethoven
van bogaert encephalitis,subacute sclerosing panencephalitis
van de graaff generator,electrostatic generator
van dyck,Vandyke
van eyck,Eyck
van wyck brooks,Brooks
vanadic acid,vanadium pentoxide
vanadium,V
vanadium pentoxide,vanadic acid
vancocin,vancomycin
vancomycin,Vancocin
vanda caerulea,blue orchid
vandalism,hooliganism
vandyke beard,vandyke
vane,weathervane
vanern,Lake Vanern
vanessa atalanta,red admiral
vanessa bell,Bell
vanessa stephen,Bell
vanessa virginiensis,painted beauty
vanguard,van
vanguards of conquest,al-Jihad
vangueria infausta,wild medlar
vangueria madagascariensis,Spanish tamarind
vanilla extract,vanilla
vanilla orchid,Vanilla planifolia
vanilla planifolia,vanilla orchid
vanishing cream,cold cream
vanity,amour propre
vannevar bush,Bush
vanquisher,conqueror
vantage,advantage
vantage point,viewpoint
vapidity,jejunity
vapidness,jejunity
vapor,vapour
vapor bath,steam bath
vapor density,vapour density
vapor lock,vapour lock
vapor pressure,vapour pressure
vaporing,brag
vaporisation,vaporization
vaporiser,vaporizer
vaporization,vaporisation
vaporizer,vaporiser
vaporousness,haziness
vapors,blues
vapour,vapor
vapour bath,steam bath
vapour density,vapor density
vapour lock,vapor lock
vapour pressure,vapor pressure
vapourousness,haziness
vapours,blues
vaquero,buckaroo
vaquita,Phocoena sinus
var,volt-ampere
var.,form
varan,monitor
varanus komodoensis,Komodo dragon
varanus niloticus,African monitor
vardenafil,Levitra
variability,variableness
variable quantity,variable
variable resistor,rheostat
variable star,variable
variableness,variability
variance,discrepancy
variate,random variable
variation,fluctuation
varicella,chickenpox
variegated horsetail,variegated scouring rush
variegated scouring rush,variegated horsetail
variegation,diversification
varietal,varietal wine
varietal wine,varietal
variety,assortment
variety meat,organs
variety show,variety
variola,smallpox
variola major,smallpox
variola major virus,variola major
variola minor,alastrim
variola minor virus,variola minor
variola vaccina,vaccinia
variola vaccine,vaccinia
variola vaccinia,vaccinia
variola virus,smallpox virus
variolation,variolization
variolization,variolation
variorum,variorum edition
variorum edition,variorum
variously-leaved pondweed,Potamogeton gramineous
varlet,rogue
varment,varmint
varmint,vermin
varnish tree,candlenut
varsity,first team
varsity letter,letter
varsity sock,athletic sock
varying hare,snowshoe hare
vas,vessel
vas deferens,ductus deferens
vasa brevis,short gastric artery
vasco da gamma,da Gamma
vasco nunez de balboa,Balboa
vascular bundle,vascular strand
vascular hemophilia,von Willebrand's disease
vascular plant,tracheophyte
vascular ray,medullary ray
vascular spider,spider angioma
vascular strand,vascular bundle
vascularisation,vascularization
vascularization,vascularisation
vase-fine,leather flower
vase vine,leather flower
vaslav nijinsky,Nijinsky
vasoconstrictive,vasoconstrictor
vasoconstrictor,vasoconstrictive
vasodilative,vasodilator
vasodilator,vasodilative
vasomax,phentolamine
vasopressin,antidiuretic hormone
vasosection,vasotomy
vasotec,enalapril
vasotomy,vasosection
vassal,liege
vassalage,serfdom
vastness,enormousness
vat color,vat dye
vat dye,vat color
vatican i,First Vatican Council
vatican ii,Second Vatican Council
vatican palace,Vatican
vaticination,prophecy
vaticinator,prophet
vaudeville,music hall
vaudeville theater,music hall
vaudeville theatre,music hall
vaudois,Waldenses
vault,burial vault
vault of heaven,celestial sphere
vaulter,pole vaulter
vaulting horse,long horse
vaunter,bragger
vcr,videocassette recorder
vd,venereal disease
vdu,visual display unit
veal,veau
veal parmesan,veal parmigiana
veal parmigiana,veal parmesan
veal roast,roast veal
veau,veal
vector,transmitter
vector decomposition,decomposition
vector product,cross product
vector sum,resultant
veda,Vedic literature
vedalia,Rodolia cardinalis
veering,swerve
veery,Wilson's thrush
veg,vegetable
vegetable,veggie
vegetable garden,kitchen garden
vegetable hummingbird,scarlet wisteria tree
vegetable ivory,ivory nut
vegetable marrow,marrow
vegetable oil,oil
vegetable oyster,salsify
vegetable patch,kitchen garden
vegetable sheep,sheep plant
vegetable silk,kapok
vegetable soup,petite marmite
vegetable sponge,loofah
vegetation,flora
vegetative cell,somatic cell
veggie,vegetable
vehemence,emphasis
vehicle,fomite
vehicle traffic,vehicular traffic
vehicular traffic,vehicle traffic
veil,head covering
veiled accusation,unspoken accusation
veiling,gauze
vein,vena
velar consonant,velar
velban,vinblastine
veld,veldt
veldt,veld
vellication,twitch
velocipede,tricycle
velocity,speed
velour,velours
velours,velour
velum,veil
velvet-leaf,tree mallow
velvet bean,cowage
velvet bent,velvet bent grass
velvet bent grass,velvet bent
velvet flower,love-lies-bleeding
velvet grass,Yorkshire fog
velvet osier,common osier
velvet plant,mullein
velvet sumac,staghorn sumac
velvet worm,onychophoran
velvetleaf,tree mallow
velvetweed,velvetleaf
vena,vein
vena anastomotica,anastomotic vein
vena angularis,angular vein
vena appendicularis,appendicular vein
vena arcuata renis,arcuate vein of the kidney
vena auricularis,auricular vein
vena axillaris,axillary vein
vena azygos,azygos vein
vena basalis,basal vein
vena basilica,basilic vein
vena basivertebralis,basivertebral vein
vena brachialis,brachial vein
vena brachiocephalica,brachiocephalic vein
vena bronchialis,bronchial vein
vena centrales retinae,central vein of retina
vena centralis glandulae suprarenalis,central vein of suprarenal gland
vena cephalica,cephalic vein
vena cephalica accessoria,accessory cephalic vein
vena cerebellum,cerebellar vein
vena cerebri,cerebral vein
vena cerebri anterior,anterior cerebral vein
vena cerebri magna,great cerebral vein
vena cerebri media,middle cerebral vein
vena cerebrum internus,internal cerebral vein
vena cerebrum superior,superior cerebral vein
vena cervicalis profunda,cervical vein
vena choroidea,choroid vein
vena circumflexa,circumflex vein
vena circumflexa ilium,circumflex iliac vein
vena circumflexus femoris,circumflex femoral vein
vena clitoridis,clitoral vein
vena colica,colic vein
vena comitans,accompanying vein
vena cutanea,cutaneous vein
vena cystica,cystic vein
vena digitalis,digital vein
vena diploica,diploic vein
vena emissaria,emissary vein
vena epigastrica inferior,inferior epigastric vein
vena epigastrica superficialis,superficial epigastric vein
vena ethmoidalis,ethmoidal vein
vena facialis,facial vein
vena facialis anterior,anterior facial vein
vena femoralis,femoral vein
vena gastrica,gastric vein
vena gastrica-dextra,pyloric vein
vena gastrica sinistra,left gastric vein
vena gastroomentalis,gastroomental vein
vena genus,genicular vein
vena gluteus,gluteal vein
vena hemiazygos accessoria,accessory hemiazygos vein
vena hemizygos,hemizygos vein
vena hepatica,hepatic vein
vena ileocolica,ileocolic vein
vena iliaca,iliac vein
vena iliolumbalis,iliolumbar vein
vena intercapitalis,intercapitular vein
vena intercostalis,intercostal vein
vena intervertebralis,intervertebral vein
vena jugularis,jugular vein
vena labialis,labial vein
vena labialis inferior,inferior labial vein
vena labialis superior,superior labial vein
vena lacrimalis,lacrimal vein
vena laryngea,laryngeal vein
vena lienalis,splenic vein
vena lingualis,lingual vein
vena lumbalis,lumbar vein
vena maxillaris,maxillary vein
vena mesenterica,mesenteric vein
vena metacarpus,metacarpal vein
vena metatarsus,metatarsal vein
vena musculophrenica,musculophrenic vein
vena nasalis externa,external nasal vein
vena nasofrontalis,nasofrontal vein
vena obliqua atrii sinistri,oblique vein of the left atrium
vena obturatoria,obturator vein
vena occipitalis,occipital vein
vena ophthalmica,ophthalmic vein
vena ovarica,ovarian vein
vena palatina,palatine vein
vena paraumbilicalis,paraumbilical vein
vena pectoralis,pectoral vein
vena perforantis,perforating vein
vena pericardiaca,pericardial vein
vena peroneus,peroneal vein
vena pharyngeus,pharyngeal vein
vena phrenica,phrenic vein
vena poplitea,popliteal vein
vena portae,portal vein
vena posterior ventriculi sinistri,posterior vein of the left ventricle
vena pulmanalis inferior,inferior pulmonary vein
vena pulmonalis,pulmonary vein
vena pulmonalis superior,superior pulmonary vein
vena pylorica,prepyloric vein
vena radialis,radial vein
vena rectalis,hemorrhoidal vein
vena renalis,renal vein
vena retromandibularis,retromandibular vein
vena sacralis,sacral vein
vena saphena,saphenous vein
vena scapularis dorsalis,dorsal scapular vein
vena scrotalis,scrotal vein
vena sigmoideus,sigmoid vein
vena spinalis,spinal vein
vena sternocleidomastoidea,sternocleidomastoid vein
vena stylomastoidea,stylomastoid vein
vena subclavia,subclavian vein
vena sublingualis,sublingual vein
vena supraorbitalis,supraorbital vein
vena supratrochlearis,supratrochlear vein
vena temporalis,temporal vein
vena testicularis,testicular vein
vena thoracica,thoracic vein
vena thoracoepigastrica,thoracoepigastric vein
vena thyroidea,thyroid vein
vena tibialis,tibial vein
vena trachealis,tracheal vein
vena ulnaris,ulnar vein
vena umbilicalis,umbilical vein
vena vertebralis,vertebral vein
vena vertebralis accessoria,accessory vertebral vein
vena vertebralis anterior,anterior vertebral vein
vena vesicalis,vesical vein
vena vestibularis,vestibular vein
vena vorticosum,vortex vein
venae centrales hepatis,central veins of liver
venae cerebrum inferior,inferior cerebral vein
venae ciliares,ciliary veins
venae conjunctivales,conjunctival veins
venae epigastricae superiores,superior epigastric veins
venae episclerales,episcleral veins
venae esophageae,esophageal veins
venae labiales anteriores,anterior labial veins
venae labiales posteriores,posterior labial veins
venae meningeae,meningeal veins
venae pancreatica,pancreatic vein
venae pudendum,pudendal vein
venae sclerales,scleral veins
venation,venous blood system
vendee,buyer
vender,seller
vendetta,blood feud
vending,peddling
vendition,vending
vendor,seller
vendue,auction
veneer,veneering
veneering,veneer
venerability,venerableness
venerableness,venerability
veneration,fear
venereal disease,VD
venereal infection,venereal disease
venereal wart,genital wart
venesection,phlebotomy
venetia,Veneto
venetian red,reddish brown
venezia,Venice
venezia-euganea,Veneto
vengeance,retribution
vengefulness,vindictiveness
venire,panel
venn's diagram,Venn diagram
venogram,phlebogram
venom,malice
venous blood system,venation
venous blood vessel,vein
venous sinus,sinus
venous thrombosis,phlebothrombosis
vent,venthole
vent-hole,vent
ventail,camail
venter,abdomen
venthole,vent
ventilating system,ventilation
ventilation,airing
ventilation system,ventilation
ventilator,breathing device
venting,discharge
ventolin,albuterol
ventral fin,pelvic fin
ventral horn,ventral root
ventral placentation,marginal placentation
ventral root,ventral horn
ventricle,heart ventricle
ventricular fold,false vocal cord
ventriculus,gizzard
ventriloquism,ventriloquy
ventriloquy,ventriloquism
venture,speculation
venture capital,risk capital
venturer,merchant-venturer
venturesomeness,adventurousness
venue,locale
venula,venule
venule,venula
venus'-hair fern,common maidenhair
venus's curse,venereal disease
venus's flytraps,Venus's flytrap
venus's shoe,Venus' slipper
venus's slipper,Venus' slipper
venus maidenhair,common maidenhair
venus mercenaria,quahog
venushair,common maidenhair
vepse,Veps
vepsian,Veps
veranda,verandah
verandah,veranda
verapamil,Calan
veratrum viride,white hellebore
verb phrase,predicate
verbal description,description
verbal expression,expression
verbal noun,deverbal noun
verbalisation,verbalization
verbaliser,speaker
verbalism,expression
verbalization,verbalisation
verbalizer,speaker
verbascum blattaria,moth mullein
verbascum lychnitis,white mullein
verbascum phoeniceum,purple mullein
verbascum thapsus,common mullein
verbena,vervain
verbena family,Verbenaceae
verbesina alternifolia,wingstem
verbesina encelioides,cowpen daisy
verbesina helianthoides,gravelweed
verbesina virginica,Virginia crownbeard
verbiage,verbalism
verbolatry,grammatolatry
verboseness,verbosity
verbosity,verboseness
verd antique,verde antique
verdancy,greenness
verde antique,verd antique
verdict,finding of fact
verdigris,cupric acetate
verdin,Auriparus flaviceps
verdolagas,common purslane
verdure,greenery
verey pistol,Very pistol
verge,brink
vergil,Virgil
verification,confirmation
verifier,voucher
verity,truth
vermiculation,peristalsis
vermiform appendix,appendix
vermiform process,appendix
vermifuge,anthelmintic
vermillion flycatcher,firebird
vermillion rockfish,rasher
vermin,varmint
vermis,vermis cerebelli
vermis cerebelli,vermis
vernacular art,outsider art
vernal equinox,March equinox
vernal iris,dwarf iris
vernal witch hazel,Hamamelis vernalis
vernier caliper,vernier micrometer
vernier micrometer,vernier caliper
vernier scale,vernier
vernix,vernix caseosa
vernix caseosa,vernix
vernonia,ironweed
veronal,barbital
veronica,speedwell
veronica agrestis,field speedwell
veronica americana,brooklime
veronica anagallis-aquatica,water speedwell
veronica arvensis,corn speedwell
veronica beccabunga,brooklime
veronica chamaedrys,germander speedwell
veronica michauxii,water speedwell
veronica officinalis,common speedwell
veronica peregrina,purslane speedwell
veronica serpyllifolia,thyme-leaved speedwell
veronicastrum virginicum,Culver's root
verrazzano,Verrazano
verruca,wart
verruca acuminata,genital wart
vers libre,free verse
versant,mountainside
verse,poetry
verse form,poem
verse line,verse
versifier,rhymer
version,variant
verso,reverse
vertebral arch,neural arch
vertebral artery,arteria vertebralis
vertebral canal,spinal canal
vertebral column,spinal column
vertebral vein,vena vertebralis
vertebrate foot,pedal extremity
vertex,peak
verthandi,Verdandi
vertical combination,vertical integration
vertical fin,vertical stabilizer
vertical flute,fipple flute
vertical integration,vertical combination
vertical stabiliser,vertical stabilizer
vertical stabilizer,vertical stabiliser
vertical union,industrial union
verticality,verticalness
verticalness,verticality
vertigo,dizziness
vertu,virtu
vervain,verbena
vervain family,Verbenaceae
vervain sage,wild sage
verve,vitality
vervet,vervet monkey
vervet monkey,vervet
very-light,Very light
very high frequency,VHF
very important person,VIP
very low density lipoprotein,VLDL
very low frequency,VLF
vesica,bladder
vesical vein,vena vesicalis
vesication,vesiculation
vesicle,cyst
vesicopapule,papulovesicle
vesicula umbilicus,yolk sac
vesiculation,vesication
vespa crabro,giant hornet
vesper,evening star
vesper mouse,white-footed mouse
vesper sparrow,grass finch
vespers,evensong
vespertilian bat,vespertilionid
vespertilio murinus,frosted bat
vespertilionid,vespertilian bat
vespid,vespid wasp
vespid wasp,vespid
vespula maculata,bald-faced hornet
vespula maculifrons,yellow jacket
vespula vulgaris,common wasp
vessel,vas
vest,waistcoat
vestibular apparatus,vestibular system
vestibular fold,false vocal cord
vestibular sense,equilibrium
vestibular system,vestibular apparatus
vestibular vein,vena vestibularis
vestibule,anteroom
vestibulocochlear nerve,acoustic nerve
vestige,trace
vestry,sacristy
vesture,clothing
vesuvian,vesuvianite
vesuvianite,vesuvian
vet,veterinarian
vetchworm,corn earworm
veteran soldier,veteran
veterans' day,Veterans Day
veterinarian,veterinary
veterinary surgeon,veterinarian
vetluga river,Vetluga
vexation,annoyance
vexer,tease
vfw,Veterans of Foreign Wars
vhf,hemorrhagic fever
via media,compromise
viagra,sildenafil
vial,phial
viands,commissariat
viatical settlement,viaticus settlement
viatication,viaticus
viaticus,viatication
viaticus settlement,viatical settlement
vibe,vibration
vibes,vibraphone
vibist,vibraphonist
vibraharp,vibraphone
vibramycin,doxycycline
vibrancy,plangency
vibraphone,vibraharp
vibraphonist,vibist
vibrating reed,reed
vibration,quiver
vibrio,vibrion
vibrio comma,comma bacillus
vibrion,vibrio
vibrissa,whisker
viburnum dentatum,arrow wood
viburnum lantana,wayfaring tree
viburnum opulus,guelder rose
viburnum prunifolium,black haw
viburnum recognitum,arrow wood
viburnum trilobum,cranberry bush
vicar of christ,pope
vicarage,parsonage
vicariate,vicarship
vicarship,vicariate
viccinium membranaceum,bilberry
viccinium myrtillus,bilberry
vice,frailty
vice-presidency,vice-presidential term
vice-presidential term,vice-presidency
vice president,V.P.
vicereine,viceroy
viceroy,vicereine
vicia cracca,tufted vetch
vicia faba,broad bean
vicia orobus,bitter betch
vicia sativa,spring vetch
vicia sepium,bush vetch
vicia villosa,hairy vetch
vicinity,locality
vicious circle,vicious cycle
vicious cycle,vicious circle
viciousness,ferociousness
vicomte de chateaubriand,Chateaubriand
vicomte ferdinand marie de lesseps,Lesseps
victim,dupe
victimisation,exploitation
victimiser,victimizer
victimization,exploitation
victimizer,victimiser
victor,master
victor-marie hugo,Hugo
victor franz hess,Hess
victor herbert,Herbert
victor hess,Hess
victor horta,Horta
victor hugo,Hugo
victoria clafin woodhull,Woodhull
victoria de durango,Durango
victoria falls,Victoria
victoria nyanza,Lake Victoria
victoria sponge,Victoria sandwich
victory,triumph
victory day,V-day
victory lap,lap of honour
victual,comestible
victualer,victualler
victualler,victualer
victuals,commissariat
vicugna vicugna,vicuna
vicuna,Vicugna vicugna
vidar,Vitharr
video,picture
video display,display
video equipment,television equipment
video game,computer game
video recording,video
videocassette recorder,VCR
videodisc,videodisk
videodisk,videodisc
vienna roll,hard roll
viet nam,Vietnam
view,position
view angle,angle of view
view finder,finder
viewer,spectator
viewers,viewing audience
viewfinder,finder
viewgraph,overhead
viewing,screening
viewing audience,TV audience
viewpoint,point of view
vigdis finnbogadottir,Finnbogadottir
vigil,watch
vigil candle,vigil light
vigil light,vigil candle
vigilance,watchfulness
vigilance man,vigilante
vigilante,vigilance man
vigna aconitifolia,moth bean
vigna angularis,adzuki bean
vigna caracalla,snailflower
vigna radiata,mung
vigna sesquipedalis,asparagus bean
vigna sinensis,cowpea
vigna unguiculata,cowpea
vigna unguiculata sesquipedalis,asparagus bean
vignette,sketch
vigor,energy
vigorish,usury
vigour,energy
viktor korchnoi,Korchnoi
viktor lvovich korchnoi,Korchnoi
viktor vasarely,Vasarely
vila,Port Vila
vileness,nefariousness
vilfredo pareto,Pareto
vilification,smear
vilifier,defamer
villa hermosa,Villahermosa
village,small town
villain,scoundrel
villainage,villeinage
villainousness,villainy
villainy,villainousness
villein,serf
villeinage,villainage
villoma,papilloma
vilna,Vilnius
vilno,Vilnius
vim,energy
viminaria denudata,swamp oak
viminaria juncea,swamp oak
vinaigrette,French dressing
vinblastine,Velban
vinca major,large periwinkle
vinca minor,myrtle
vinca rosea,periwinkle
vincent's infection,Vincent's angina
vincent van gogh,van Gogh
vincenzo bellini,Bellini
vincetoxicum hirsutum,negro vine
vincetoxicum negrum,negro vine
vincristine,Oncovin
vindication,exoneration
vindicator,apologist
vindictiveness,vengefulness
vine cactus,ocotillo
vine maple,Acer circinatum
vinegar,acetum
vinegar eel,vinegar worm
vinegar joe stilwell,Stilwell
vinegar tree,staghorn sumac
vinegar worm,vinegar eel
vinegariness,vinegarishness
vinegarishness,vinegariness
vinegarroon,Mastigoproctus giganteus
vinegarweed,turpentine camphor weed
vinery,vineyard
vineyard,vinery
vingt-et-un,blackjack
viniculture,viticulture
vinifera,vinifera grape
vinifera grape,vinifera
vino,wine
vintage,time of origin
vintner,wine merchant
vinyl,vinyl group
vinyl cyanide,propenonitrile
vinyl ether,ether
vinyl group,vinyl
vinyl polymer,vinyl resin
vinyl radical,vinyl
vinyl resin,vinyl polymer
vinylbenzene,styrene
viocin,viomycin
viola arvensis,field pansy
viola blanda,sweet white violet
viola canadensis,Canada violet
viola canina,dog violet
viola clef,alto clef
viola conspersa,American dog violet
viola cornuta,horned violet
viola da gamba,gamba
viola ocellata,two-eyed violet
viola odorata,sweet violet
viola pedata,bird's-foot violet
viola pubescens,downy yellow violet
viola reichenbachiana,hedge violet
viola rostrata,long-spurred violet
viola striata,pale violet
viola sylvatica,hedge violet
viola tricolor,wild pansy
viola tricolor hortensis,pansy
violation,misdemeanor
violator,lawbreaker
violence,force
violent death,killing
violent disorder,rampage
violent storm,storm
violent stream,torrent
violet-flowered petunia,Petunia integrifolia
violet family,Violaceae
violet suksdorfia,Suksdorfia violaceae
violet wood sorrel,Oxalis violacea
violin,fiddle
violin bow,fiddlestick
violinist,fiddler
violoncellist,cellist
violoncello,cello
viomycin,Viocin
viorna baldwinii,pine hyacinth
viosterol,vitamin D
vioxx,rofecoxib
vip,very important person
viper's bugloss,blueweed
viper's grass,black salsify
vipera aspis,asp
vipera berus,adder
viperine grass snake,Natrix maura
viracept,nelfinavir
viraemia,viremia
virago,amazon
viral haemorrhagic fever,hemorrhagic fever
viral hemorrhagic fever,hemorrhagic fever
viral infection,virus infection
viramune,nevirapine
virazole,ribavirin
viremia,viraemia
vireo olivaceous,red-eyed vireo
vireo solitarius,solitary vireo
vireo solitarius solitarius,blue-headed vireo
virgil garnett thomson,Thomson
virgil thomson,Thomson
virgilia capensis,keurboom
virgilia divaricata,keurboom
virgilia oroboides,keurboom
virgin's bower,old man's beard
virgin birth,parthenogenesis
virgin forest,old growth
virgin mary,Mary
virginal membrane,hymen
virginia cowslip,Virginia bluebell
virginia fence,worm fence
virginia katherine mcmath,Rogers
virginia mcmath,Rogers
virginia pine,scrub pine
virginia serpentaria,Virginia snakeroot
virginia serpentary,Virginia snakeroot
virginia stock,Virginian stock
virginia wade,Wade
virginia woolf,Woolf
virginian sumac,staghorn sumac
virgo the virgin,Virgo
virgule,solidus
viricide,virucide
viridity,green
virilisation,masculinization
virility,manfulness
virility drug,anti-impotence drug
virilization,masculinization
viroid,virusoid
virtu,vertu
virtual memory,virtual storage
virtual storage,virtual memory
virtue,virtuousness
virtuousness,virtue
virucide,viricide
virulence,virulency
virulency,virulence
virus,computer virus
virus infection,viral infection
virusoid,viroid
vis major,act of God
visage,countenance
viscacha,chinchillon
viscera,entrails
visceral brain,limbic system
visceral leishmaniasis,kala-azar
visceral pericardium,epicardium
viscid mushroom,nameko
viscidity,cohesiveness
viscidness,cohesiveness
viscometer,viscosimeter
viscometry,viscosimetry
viscose,cellulose xanthate
viscose rayon,viscose
viscosimeter,viscometer
viscosimetry,viscometry
viscosity,viscousness
viscount nelson,Nelson
viscount northcliffe,Harmsworth
viscount st. albans,Bacon
viscountcy,viscounty
viscountess astor,Astor
viscounty,viscountcy
viscousness,viscosity
viscum album,mistletoe
viscus,internal organ
vise,bench vise
vishnuism,Vaishnavism
visibility,visibleness
visible balance,balance of trade
visible horizon,horizon
visible light,light
visible radiation,light
visible spectrum,color spectrum
visibleness,visibility
vision,sight
vision defect,visual impairment
visit,sojourn
visitant,visitor
visitation,trial
visiting card,calling card
visitor,visitant
visken,pindolol
visor,vizor
vista,view
vistaril,hydroxyzine hydrochloride
vistula river,Vistula
visual acuity,acuity
visual aphasia,alexia
visual area,visual cortex
visual aspect,appearance
visual cortex,visual area
visual defect,visual impairment
visual disorder,visual impairment
visual display unit,VDU
visual field,field of vision
visual image,visualization
visual impairment,visual defect
visual joke,sight gag
visual modality,sight
visual percept,visual image
visual perception,beholding
visual purple,rhodopsin
visual sensation,vision
visual sense,sight
visualisation,visual image
visualiser,visualizer
visualization,visual image
visualizer,visualiser
vital force,life force
vital organ,vitals
vital principle,life principle
vitalisation,vitalization
vitaliser,energizer
vitality,verve
vitalization,vitalisation
vitalizer,energizer
vitalness,indispensability
vitals,vital organ
vitamin-deficiency diet,high-vitamin diet
vitamin b,B-complex vitamin
vitamin b complex,B-complex vitamin
vitamin g,vitamin B2
vitamin h,biotin
vitamin m,vitamin Bc
vitelline sac,yolk sac
vitellus,yolk
vithar,Vitharr
viticulture,viniculture
vitidaceae,Vitaceae
vitis labrusca,fox grape
vitis rotundifolia,muscadine
vitis vinifera,vinifera
vitreous body,vitreous humor
vitreous humor,vitreous humour
vitreous humour,vitreous humor
vitreous silica,quartz glass
vitrine,case
vitriol,oil of vitriol
vittaria lineata,grass fern
vittorio de sica,De Sica
vituperation,invective
vitus behring,Bering
vitus bering,Bering
viva,oral
viverra zibetha,large civet
viverricula indica,small civet
viverricula malaccensis,small civet
viverrinae,Viverridae
viverrine,viverrine mammal
viverrine mammal,viverrine
vividness,color
vivien leigh,Leigh
vivification,animation
viviparous eelpout,Zoarces viviparus
vixen,harpy
vizor,visor
vizsla,Hungarian pointer
vladimir horowitz,Horowitz
vladimir ilich lenin,Lenin
vladimir ilich ulyanov,Lenin
vladimir ilyich lenin,Lenin
vladimir ilyich ulyanov,Lenin
vladimir kosma zworykin,Zworykin
vladimir lenin,Lenin
vladimir nabokov,Nabokov
vladimir putin,Putin
vladimir vladimirovich mayakovski,Mayakovski
vladimir vladimirovich nabokov,Nabokov
vladimir vladimirovich putin,Putin
vldl,very low density lipoprotein
vlf,very low frequency
vocable,spoken word
vocabulary,lexicon
vocal band,vocal cord
vocal cord,vocal fold
vocal fold,vocal cord
vocal music,vocal
vocal organ,speech organ
vocalisation,voice
vocaliser,utterer
vocalism,vowel system
vocalist,singer
vocalization,voice
vocalizer,utterer
vocalizing,singing
vocation,career
vocational education,vocational training
vocational school,trade school
vocational training,vocational education
vocative case,vocative
vociferation,cry
vodoun,voodoo
vogue,trend
voice,vocalization
voice box,larynx
voice communication,speech
voice mail,voicemail
voice of conscience,wee small voice
voiced sound,sonant
voiceless consonant,surd
voicelessness,aphonia
voicemail,voice mail
voidance,emptying
voider,invalidator
voiding,elimination
voix celeste,vox angelica
volaille,chicken
volary,aviary
volatile oil,essential oil
volatility,unpredictability
volcan de colima,Colima
volcanic crater,crater
volcanic eruption,eruption
volcano,vent
volcanology,vulcanology
vole,field mouse
volga river,Volga
volition,will
volkhov river,Volkhov
volley,fusillade
volleyball,volleyball game
volleyball game,volleyball
volt,V
volt-ampere,var
voltage,electromotive force
voltage divider,potential divider
voltaic battery,galvanic battery
voltaic cell,galvanic cell
voltaic pile,pile
voltaren,diclofenac sodium
volte-face,about-face
volubility,fluency
volume,bulk
volume-detonation bomb,thermobaric bomb
volume unit,capacity unit
voluminosity,fullness
voluminousness,fullness
volunteer state,Tennessee
voluptuousness,hot stuff
volute spring,coil spring
volvariella volvacea,straw mushroom
vomit,vomitus
vomiter,spewer
vomiting,vomit
vomitive,emetic
vomitus,vomit
von bismarck,Bismarck
von blucher,Blucher
von braun,Braun
von mauser,Mauser
von recklinghausen's disease,neurofibromatosis
von rundstedt,Rundstedt
von willebrand,Willebrand
voodoo,juju
voodooism,voodoo
voraciousness,edacity
voracity,edacity
vortex,whirl
vortex vein,vorticose vein
vorticose vein,vortex vein
vote,ballot
vote counter,teller
voter,elector
voter turnout,vote
voting,vote
voting precinct,election district
voting system,electoral system
votyak,Udmurt
voucher,verifier
vowel,vowel sound
vowel rhyme,assonance
vowel sound,vowel
vowel system,vocalism
vox,voice
vox angelica,voix celeste
vox populi,public opinion
voyage,ocean trip
voyeur,Peeping Tom
vt,Vermont
vulcanisation,vulcanization
vulcaniser,vulcanizer
vulcanite,hard rubber
vulcanization,vulcanisation
vulcanized fiber,fiber
vulcanizer,vulcaniser
vulcanology,volcanology
vulgarisation,vulgarization
vulgariser,vulgarizer
vulgarism,obscenity
vulgarity,coarseness
vulgarization,vulgarisation
vulgarizer,vulgariser
vulnerability,exposure
vulpes fulva,red fox
vulpes macrotis,kit fox
vulpes velox,kit fox
vulpes vulpes,red fox
vultur gryphus,Andean condor
vulture,marauder
vulvar slit,pudendal cleft
vyacheslav mikhailovich molotov,Molotov
w,tungsten
w. b. yeats,Yeats
w. c. fields,Fields
w. c. handy,Handy
w. e. b. du bois,Du Bois
w. h. auden,Auden
w. h. hudson,Hudson
w. k. kellogg,Kellogg
w. somerset maugham,Maugham
w. v. quine,Quine
w. w. jacobs,Jacobs
w.c.,water closet
w.m.d.,weapon of mass destruction
wa,Washington
wabash river,Wabash
wacko,nutter
wad,batch
wadding,packing material
wader,wading bird
waders,wading bird
wading bird,wader
wads,tons
waft,pennant
wafture,wave
wag,wit
wage,pay
wage claim,pay claim
wage earner,earner
wage hike,raise
wage increase,raise
wage scale,wage schedule
wage schedule,wage scale
wager,bet
wagerer,bettor
wages,reward
waggery,waggishness
waggishness,waggery
waggle,wag
waggon,wagon
waggoner,wagoner
waggonwright,wagonwright
wagon,waggon
wagon-lit,sleeping car
wagon train,caravan
wagoner,waggoner
wagonwright,waggonwright
wahabi,Wahhabi
wahabism,Wahhabism
wahoo,strawberry bush
wahunsonacock,Powhatan
wahvey,Yahweh
waif,street child
wail,lament
wainscot,dado
wainscoting,wainscotting
wainscotting,wainscoting
wainwright,wagonwright
waist,waistline
waist anchor,sheet anchor
waist pack,belt bag
waistband,girdle
waistcloth,girdle
waistcoat,vest
waistline,waist
wait,delay
waiter,server
waiter's assistant,busboy
waiting area,lounge
waiting line,queue
waiting room,lounge
waiver,release
wakashan language,Wakashan
wake,aftermath
wake-robin,trillium
wake-up signal,reveille
wake board,wakeboard
wakeboard,wake board
wakefulness,sleeplessness
wakening,awakening
waker,rouser
waking up,awakening
waldmeister,sweet woodruff
wale,welt
walhalla,Valhalla
walk,walking
walk-up apartment,walk-up
walk of life,walk
walkaway,runaway
walker foxhound,Walker hound
walker percy,Percy
walker smith,Robinson
walkie-talkie,walky-talky
walking fern,walking leaf
walking horse,Tennessee walker
walking leaf,walking fern
walking on air,bliss
walking papers,marching orders
walking stick,walkingstick
walkingstick,walking stick
walkover,cinch
walkway,walk
walky-talky,walkie-talkie
wall,paries
wall-paperer,wallpaperer
wall barley,barley grass
wall bracket,bracket
wall creeper,tichodrome
wall fern,common polypody
wall germander,Teucrium chamaedrys
wall hanging,hanging
wall of silence,blue wall of silence
wall painting,mural
wall pellitory,pellitory-of-the-wall
wall pepper,Sedum acre
wall plug,wall socket
wall rocket,Diplotaxis muralis
wall rue,wall rue spleenwort
wall rue spleenwort,wall rue
wall socket,wall plug
wall st.,Wall Street
wallaby,brush kangaroo
wallace carothers,Carothers
wallace hume carothers,Carothers
wallace stevens,Stevens
wallboard,drywall
wallet,billfold
walleye,divergent strabismus
walleyed pike,walleye
wallflower,Cheiranthus cheiri
wallis warfield simpson,Simpson
wallis warfield windsor,Simpson
wallop,impact
walloper,whopper
wallpaperer,wall-paperer
walnut,walnut tree
walnut family,Juglandaceae
walnut tree,walnut
walrus,seahorse
walrus moustache,walrus mustache
walrus mustache,walrus moustache
walt disney,Disney
walt whitman,Whitman
walter de la mare,de la Mare
walter elias disney,Disney
walter gropius,Gropius
walter hess,Hess
walter john de la mare,de la Mare
walter lippmann,Lippmann
walter piston,Piston
walter ralegh,Raleigh
walter raleigh,Raleigh
walter reed,Reed
walter rudolf hess,Hess
walter scott,Scott
walter william skeat,Skeat
walther hermann nernst,Nernst
walther richard rudolf hess,Hess
waltz,walk-in
wampee,pickerelweed
wampum,boodle
wampumpeag,wampum
wand,scepter
wanda landowska,Landowska
wandala,Mandara
wanderer,roamer
wandering albatross,Diomedea exulans
wandering nerve,vagus
wanderlust,itchy feet
wandflower,Sparaxis tricolor
wane,ebb
wangle,wangling
wangler,finagler
wangling,wangle
wank,jacking off
wankel rotary engine,Wankel engine
wanker,tosser
wannabe,aspirant
wannabee,aspirant
wanness,lividness
want,privation
wanted notice,wanted poster
wanted poster,wanted notice
wanter,needer
wantonness,abandon
wapiti,elk
war,warfare
war advocacy,warmongering
war between the states,American Civil War
war cry,rallying cry
war god,god of war
war hawk,hawk
war machine,military
war of american independence,American Revolution
war of nerves,psychological warfare
war of the league of augsburg,War of the Grand Alliance
war paint,makeup
war secretary,Secretary of War
war to end war,World War I
war vessel,warship
war whoop,war cry
waratah,Telopea speciosissima
ward,hospital ward
ward-heeler,machine politician
wardrobe,closet
ware,merchandise
warehouse,storage warehouse
warehouseman,warehouser
warehouser,warehouseman
warehousing,repositing
warfare,war
warfarin,Coumadin
warhead,payload
warhorse,veteran
wariness,chariness
warlpiri,Walbiri
warm-up,tune-up
warmer,heater
warmheartedness,warmth
warmness,affection
warmonger,militarist
warmongering,war advocacy
warmth,heat
warning bell,tocsin
warning coloration,aposematic coloration
warning device,alarm
warning light,red light
warning signal,alarm
warp,deflection
warping,warp
warplane,military plane
warragal,warrigal
warrant,stock warrant
warrantee,guarantee
warranter,guarantor
warrantor,guarantor
warranty,guarantee
warren burger,Burger
warren e. burger,Burger
warren earl burger,Burger
warren gamaliel harding,Harding
warren harding,Harding
warrigal,warragal
wars of the roses,War of the Roses
warsaw,Warszawa
warship,war vessel
wart,verruca
wartweed,sun spurge
wartwort,sun spurge
wash,washing
wash-hand basin,washbasin
wash-hand stand,washstand
wash drawing,wash
wash room,public toilet
washables,laundry
washbasin,basin
washboard,splashboard
washbowl,washbasin
washcloth,washrag
washday,washing day
washer,automatic washer
washerman,laundryman
washerwoman,washwoman
washing,wash
washing day,washday
washing machine,washer
washing powder,soap powder
washing soda,sodium carbonate
washington d.c.,Washington
washington irving,Irving
washout,wash
washrag,washcloth
washstand,wash-hand stand
washup,bathing
washwoman,washerwoman
waslaw nijinsky,Nijinsky
wasp's nest,wasps' nest
wasps' nest,wasp's nest
wassailer,carouser
wasserman reaction,Wassermann test
wassily kandinski,Kandinsky
wassily kandinsky,Kandinsky
wassily leontief,Leontief
waste-paper basket,wastepaper basket
waste-yard,dump
waste basket,wastepaper basket
waste material,waste
waste matter,waste
waste of effort,waste of energy
waste of energy,waste of effort
waste pipe,drain
waste product,waste
wastebasket,wastepaper basket
wastebin,ashcan
wastefulness,thriftlessness
wasteland,barren
wastepaper basket,waste-paper basket
waster,wastrel
wastewater,effluent
wasteweir,spillway
wasteyard,dump
wasting,cachexia
wasting away,atrophy
wasting disease,pulmonary tuberculosis
wastrel,waster
watch,ticker
watch bracelet,watchband
watch chain,fob
watch crystal,crystal
watch glass,crystal
watch guard,fob
watch pocket,fob
watchband,watchstrap
watchdog,guard dog
watcher,spectator
watchfulness,wakefulness
watching,observation
watchmaker,horologist
watchman,watcher
watchstrap,watchband
watchword,war cry
water,H2O
water-color,watercolor
water-colour,watercolor
water-lily family,Nymphaeaceae
water-milfoil family,Haloragidaceae
water-mint,water mint
water-plantain family,Alismataceae
water-shield,Brasenia schreberi
water-shield family,Cabombaceae
water-target,water-shield
water arum,wild calla
water avens,Indian chocolate
water bearer,Aquarius
water birch,swamp birch
water bird,waterfowl
water bitternut,water hickory
water boatman,boat bug
water boy,waterer
water buffalo,water ox
water bug,German cockroach
water buttercup,water crowfoot
water cabbage,pistia
water caltrop,Jesuits' nut
water cannon,watercannon
water carpet,water mat
water chestnut,water chestnut plant
water chestnut plant,water chestnut
water chevrotain,water deer
water chickweed,blinks
water chinquapin,American lotus
water clock,clepsydra
water closet,closet
water clover,Marsilea quadrifolia
water company,waterworks
water crowfoot,water buttercup
water deer,water chevrotain
water development,water project
water dog,water rat
water dragon,lizard's-tail
water dropwort,hemlock water dropwort
water elm,Ulmus laevis
water faucet,water tap
water fennel,Oenanthe aquatica
water fern,aquatic fern
water finder,divining rod
water flaxseed,great duckweed
water flea,cyclops
water fountain,drinking fountain
water gage,water gauge
water gate,sluicegate
water gauge,water gage
water gillyflower,American featherfoil
water glass,soluble glass
water gum,Nyssa aquatica
water gun,water pistol
water heater,hot-water heater
water hemlock,Cicuta verosa
water hen,American coot
water hickory,bitter pecan
water horehound,Lycopus americanus
water horsetail,swamp horsetail
water hyacinth,water orchid
water ice,ice
water lemon,bell apple
water lettuce,pistia
water level,water table
water line,waterline
water lobelia,Lobelia dortmanna
water locust,swamp locust
water mat,water carpet
water mint,water-mint
water moccasin,cottonmouth
water nymph,naiad
water oak,possum oak
water of crystallisation,water of crystallization
water of crystallization,water of crystallisation
water of hydration,water of crystallization
water orchid,water hyacinth
water ouzel,dipper
water ox,water buffalo
water parsnip,Sium suave
water parting,watershed
water pill,diuretic drug
water pipe,hookah
water pistol,water gun
water plant,aquatic plant
water plantain,Alisma plantago-aquatica
water pore,hydathode
water program,water development
water project,water development
water rat,water dog
water right,riparian right
water scooter,sea scooter
water shamrock,buckbean
water skater,water strider
water skin,waterskin
water speedwell,Veronica michauxii
water spirit,water sprite
water sport,aquatics
water sprite,floating fern
water star grass,mud plantain
water stoma,hydathode
water strider,pond-skater
water supply,water system
water system,water supply
water table,water level
water tank,cistern
water tap,water faucet
water travel,seafaring
water trumpet,cryptocoryne
water turkey,Anhinga anhinga
water under the bridge,bygone
water vapor,water vapour
water vapour,water vapor
water violet,Hottonia palustris
water vole,water rat
water waggon,water wagon
water wagon,water waggon
water wheel,waterwheel
water witch,dowser
water yam,white yam
waterbird,waterfowl
watercannon,water cannon
watercolor,water-color
watercolorist,watercolourist
watercolour,watercolor
watercolourist,watercolorist
watercourse,stream
watercraft,vessel
watered-silk,moire
waterer,water boy
waterfall,falls
waterfinder,divining rod
waterfowl,water bird
watergate scandal,Watergate
wateriness,muddiness
watering,lacrimation
watering can,watering pot
watering hole,watering place
watering place,watering hole
watering pot,watering can
waterleaf family,Hydrophyllaceae
waterlessness,dryness
waterline,water line
waterman,boatman
watermark,water line
watermelon,watermelon vine
watermelon begonia,Peperomia argyreia
watermelon vine,watermelon
waterproofing,sealing
waterscape,seascape
watershed,water parting
waterskin,water skin
waterspout,downpour
waterway,watercourse
waterwheel,water wheel
waterwheel plant,Aldrovanda vesiculosa
waterworks,water company
wats line,WATS
watt,W
watt second,joule
wattage,electrical power
wattle,lappet
watusi,Tutsi
watutsi,Tutsi
wave,moving ridge
wave-off,overshoot
wave-particle duality,duality
wave form,waveform
wave front,wavefront
wave guide,waveguide
wave shape,wave form
wave theory,undulatory theory
wave theory of light,wave theory
waveband,frequency band
waveform,wave form
wavefront,wave front
waveguide,wave guide
wavelet,ripple
waver,hesitation
waverer,vacillator
waviness,curliness
waving,wave
wax-myrtle family,Myricaceae
wax bean,yellow bean
wax begonia,Begonia semperflorens
wax crayon,crayon
wax figure,waxwork
wax light,candle
wax mallow,waxmallow
wax moth,bee moth
wax palm,caranday
wax plant,Hoya carnosa
waxberry,snowberry
waxflower,Madagascar jasmine
waxmallow,wax mallow
waxwork,bittersweet
way of life,way
way out,exit
way station,stopover
waybill,bill of lading
wayfarer,journeyer
wayfaring tree,twist wood
wayland the smith,Wayland
wayne gretzky,Gretzky
ways,shipway
wayside,roadside
wb,weber
wbc,leukocyte
wbn,west by north
wbs,west by south
weak force,weak interaction
weak interaction,weak force
weak part,weak spot
weak spot,weak part
weakfish,Cynoscion regalis
weakling,doormat
weakly interacting massive particle,WIMP
weakness,failing
weal,wale
wealth,wealthiness
wealthiness,wealth
wealthy man,man of means
wealthy person,rich person
weaning,ablactation
weapon,arm
weapon-grade plutonium,weapons plutonium
weapon of mass destruction,WMD
weapon system,weapon
weaponry,arms
weapons emplacement,gun emplacement
weapons platform,platform
weapons plutonium,weapon-grade plutonium
weapons system,weaponry
wear,clothing
wear and tear,depreciation
weariness,fatigue
wearing apparel,apparel
wearing away,erosion
weary willie,Kelly
weather chart,weather map
weather condition,weather
weather deck,shelter deck
weather eye,watchfulness
weather forecast,weather outlook
weather forecaster,weatherman
weather forecasting,meteorology
weather map,weather chart
weather outlook,weather forecast
weather satellite,meteorological satellite
weather sheet,sheet
weather side,to windward
weather station,meteorological observation post
weather strip,weatherstrip
weather stripping,weather strip
weather vane,weathervane
weatherboard,clapboard
weatherboarding,clapboard
weatherman,weather forecaster
weatherstrip,weather strip
weatherstripping,weather strip
weathervane,weather vane
weaver,weaverbird
weaver's broom,Spanish broom
weaver's hitch,sheet bend
weaver's knot,sheet bend
weaver finch,weaver
weaverbird,weaver
web,entanglement
web browser,browser
web log,blog
web map server,Web Map Service
web page,webpage
web site,website
webbing clothes moth,webbing moth
webbing moth,webbing clothes moth
weber,Wb
weber-fechner law,Fechner's law
webpage,web page
website,web site
wedding,wedding ceremony
wedding band,wedding ring
wedding cake,bridecake
wedding ceremony,wedding
wedding chest,hope chest
wedding dress,bridal gown
wedding gift,wedding present
wedding gown,bridal gown
wedding licence,marriage license
wedding license,marriage license
wedding party,wedding
wedding present,wedding gift
wedding ring,wedding band
wedge,wedge shape
wedge heel,wedge
wedge shape,wedge
wedlock,marriage
wee small voice,small voice
weed,mourning band
weed-whacker,weeder
weed killer,herbicide
weeder,weed-whacker
weedkiller,herbicide
weeds,widow's weeds
week,hebdomad
weeness,diminutiveness
weenie,frank
weenie roast,wiener roast
weeper,crier
weepiness,tearfulness
weeping beech,Fagus pendula
weeping love grass,African love grass
weeping spruce,Brewer's spruce
weeping willow,Babylonian weeping willow
weewee,urine
weft,woof
wei dynasty,Wei
weigela,Weigela florida
weigela florida,weigela
weighing,deliberation
weighing machine,scale
weight,free weight
weight gainer,gainer
weight unit,metric weight unit
weightiness,weight
weighting,weight
weightlessness,lightness
weightlift,weightlifting
weightlifter,lifter
weightlifting,weightlift
weird sister,Norn
weirdie,creep
weirdness,outlandishness
weirdo,creep
weirdy,creep
weisenheimer,wise guy
weka,maori hen
welcher,welsher
welcome mat,doormat
welcomer,greeter
weld,dyer's rocket
welfare,social welfare
welfare case,charity case
welfare work,social service
welfare worker,social worker
welkin,celestial sphere
well-being,wellbeing
well-wisher,sympathizer
well point,wellpoint
well water,ground water
wellbeing,well-being
wellhead,wellspring
wellington boot,Hessian boot
wellness,health
wellpoint,well point
wellspring,wellhead
welsh black,Welsh
welsh corgi,corgi
welsh rabbit,Welsh rarebit
welsher,welcher
welt,wale
welted thistle,Carduus crispus
welter,clutter
weltschmerz,world-weariness
welwitschia,Welwitschia mirabilis
welwitschia mirabilis,welwitschia
wen,sebaceous cyst
wen-ti,Wen Ch'ang
wench,dame
wendy house,playhouse
werewolf,wolfman
werlhof's disease,thrombocytopenic purpura
werner karl heisenberg,Heisenberg
wernher magnus maximilian von braun,Braun
wernher von braun,Braun
wernicke's center,Wernicke's area
weser river,Weser
wesleyan methodists,Wesleyan Methodist Church
wesleyism,Wesleyanism
west by north,WbN
west by south,WbS
west coast hemlock,western hemlock
west germanic language,West Germanic
west indian cherry,barbados cherry
west indian satinwood,satinwood
west indian smallpox,alastrim
west indian snowberry,blolly
west nile encephalitis virus,West Nile virus
west northwest,WNW
west pakistan,Pakistan
west southwest,WSW
west tocharian,Kuchean
west wind,wester
wester,west wind
western ax,double-bitted ax
western axe,double-bitted ax
western balsam poplar,black cottonwood
western big-eared bat,Plecotus townsendi
western birch,swamp birch
western black-legged tick,Ixodes pacificus
western blackberry,western dewberry
western blind snake,Leptotyphlops humilis
western buttercup,Ranunculus occidentalis
western chimpanzee,Pan troglodytes verus
western chokecherry,Prunus virginiana demissa
western church,Roman Catholic
western civilization,Western culture
western coral snake,Micruroides euryxanthus
western crab apple,Iowa crab
western dewberry,western blackberry
western diamondback rattlesnake,Western diamondback
western empire,Western Roman Empire
western fence lizard,swift
western gray squirrel,western grey squirrel
western grey squirrel,western gray squirrel
western hemisphere,occident
western hemlock,Pacific hemlock
western holly fern,Polystichum scopulinum
western honey mesquite,honey mesquite
western islands,Hebrides
western isles,Hebrides
western kingbird,Arkansas kingbird
western ladies' tresses,Spiranthes porrifolia
western larch,western tamarack
western lowland gorilla,Gorilla gorilla gorilla
western meadowlark,Sturnella neglecta
western mugwort,white sage
western narrow-mouthed toad,Gastrophryne olivacea
western paper birch,swamp birch
western pipistrel,SPipistrellus hesperus
western poison oak,Toxicodendron diversilobum
western poppy,Papaver californicum
western prince's pine,love-in-winter
western ragweed,perennial ragweed
western rattlesnake,prairie rattlesnake
western red-backed salamander,Plethodon vehiculum
western red cedar,red cedar
western redbud,California redbud
western saddle,stock saddle
western samoa,Samoa
western sandwich,western
western saxifrage,Saxifraga occidentalis
western skink,Eumeces skiltonianus
western spadefoot,Scaphiopus hammondii
western tamarack,western larch
western tanager,Piranga ludoviciana
western toad,Bufo boreas
western united states,West
western wall flower,Erysimum asperum
western wheatgrass,bluestem wheatgrass
western whiptail,Cnemidophorus tigris
western white pine,silver pine
western wood pewee,Contopus sordidulus
western yellow pine,ponderosa
western yew,Pacific yew
westernisation,Westernization
westland pine,silver pine
wet-nurse,wet nurse
wet blanket,spoilsport
wet lung,adult respiratory distress syndrome
wet nurse,wet-nurse
wetback,greaser
wetnurse,wet nurse
wetter,wetting agent
wetting,leak
wetting agent,wetter
weymouth pine,American white pine
whack,knock
whacker,whopper
whacko,nutter
whale,giant
whale oil,train oil
whale shark,Rhincodon typus
whale sucker,whalesucker
whalebone,baleen
whalebone whale,baleen whale
whaler,whaling ship
whalesucker,whale sucker
whaling ship,whaler
whammy,hex
whang,knock
wharf,pier
wharfage,quayage
whatchamacallit,doodad
whatchamacallum,doodad
whatnot,bric-a-brac
whatsis,doodad
wheal,wale
wheat,wheat berry
wheat-grass,wheatgrass
wheat beer,Weissbier
wheat berry,wheat
wheat eel,wheatworm
wheat eelworm,wheatworm
wheat field,wheatfield
wheat flag smut,Urocystis tritici
wheat rust,Puccinia graminis
wheately elm,Jersey elm
wheatfield,wheat field
wheatgrass,wheat-grass
wheatworm,wheat eel
wheedler,coaxer
wheedling,blandishment
wheel,steering wheel
wheel bug,Arilus cristatus
wheel horse,wheeler
wheel spoke,spoke
wheel tree,firewheel tree
wheelbarrow,barrow
wheeler dealer,hustler
wheelhouse,pilothouse
wheelwright,wheeler
whelp,pup
wherefore,why
wherry,Norfolk wherry
whey,milk whey
whicker,neigh
whidah,whydah
whiff,puff
whiffletree,whippletree
while,piece
whim,caprice
whimper,whine
whimsey,notion
whimsicality,flightiness
whimsy,notion
whin,gorse
whinberry,bilberry
whinchat,Saxicola rubetra
whine,whimper
whiner,complainer
whinny,neigh
whinstone,whin
whip,party whip
whip-scorpion,whip scorpion
whip-snake,whip snake
whip hand,upper hand
whip scorpion,whip-scorpion
whip snake,whip-snake
whip top,whipping top
whiplash,whiplash injury
whiplash injury,whiplash
whipper,switcher
whippersnapper,jackanapes
whipping boy,scapegoat
whipping cream,light whipping cream
whipping top,whip top
whippletree,whiffletree
whippoorwill,Caprimulgus vociferus
whipsaw,two-handed saw
whipsnake,whip-snake
whipstitch,whipping
whipstitching,whipstitch
whiptail,whiptail lizard
whiptail lizard,whiptail
whir,whirr
whirl,commotion
whirler,whirling dervish
whirligig,top
whirling,gyration
whirling dervish,whirler
whirlpool,vortex
whirlybird,helicopter
whirr,whir
whisk,whisk broom
whisk broom,whisk
whisker,hair's-breadth
whisker jack,Canada jay
whiskers,beard
whiskey,whisky
whiskey neat,whisky neat
whiskey on the rocks,whisky on the rocks
whiskey sour,whisky sour
whisky,whiskey
whisky neat,whiskey neat
whisky on the rocks,whiskey on the rocks
whisky sour,whiskey sour
whisper,whispering
whispering bells,yellow bells
whispering dome,whispering gallery
whispering gallery,whispering dome
whist,long whist
whistle,whistling
whistle-blower,whistle blower
whistle blower,whistle-blower
whistle buoy,whistling buoy
whistle stop,flag stop
whistleblower,whistle blower
whistling,whistle
whistling buoy,whistle buoy
whistling marmot,hoary marmot
whistling swan,Cygnus columbianus columbianus
whit,shred
whit leather,white leather
white-alder family,Clethraceae
white-bellied swallow,tree swallow
white-berry yew,Pseudotaxus chienii
white-breasted nuthatch,Sitta carolinensis
white-chinned petrel,Procellaria aequinoctialis
white-crowned sparrow,Zonotrichia leucophrys
white-faced hornet,bald-faced hornet
white-footed mouse,vesper mouse
white-headed stilt,Himantopus himantopus leucocephalus
white-heart hickory,mockernut
white-leaved rockrose,Cistus albidus
white-lipped peccary,Tayassu pecari
white-man's foot,broad-leaved plantain
white-pine rust,blister rust
white-rayed mule's ears,Wyethia helianthoides
white-rumped shrike,Lanius ludovicianus excubitorides
white-stemmed filaree,musk clover
white-tailed deer,Virginia deer
white-tailed jackrabbit,whitetail jackrabbit
white-tailed kite,Elanus leucurus
white-tailed sea eagle,ern
white-throated sparrow,whitethroat
white-tipped shark,whitetip shark
white admiral,banded purple
white alder,mountain alder
white anglo-saxon protestant,WASP
white ant,termite
white arsenic,arsenic
white ash,snow gum
white aspen,white poplar
white avens,bennet
white backlash,whitelash
white baneberry,white cohosh
white basswood,cottonwood
white bead,white baneberry
white bean,navy bean
white bedstraw,wild madder
white beech,American beech
white beer,Weissbier
white birch,downy birch
white blood cell,leukocyte
white blood corpuscle,leukocyte
white book,white paper
white bread,light bread
white broom,white Spanish broom
white bryony,devil's turnip
white burgundy,Chablis
white camas,Zigadenus glaucus
white campion,evening lychnis
white cedar,American arborvitae
white cell,leukocyte
white cinnamon,canella
white cinnamon tree,wild cinnamon
white clover,dutch clover
white cockle,white campion
white cohosh,white baneberry
white corpuscle,leukocyte
white crappie,Pomoxis annularis
white croaker,queenfish
white currant,Ribes sativum
white cypress,southern white cedar
white cypress pine,Callitris glaucophylla
white daisy,oxeye daisy
white dead nettle,Lamium album
white dipladenia,Mandevilla boliviensis
white dog's-tooth violet,white dogtooth violet
white dogtooth violet,white dog's-tooth violet
white dwarf,white dwarf star
white dwarf star,white dwarf
white elm,American elm
white fairy lantern,white globe lily
white false indigo,Baptisia lactea
white feldspar,albite
white fir,Colorado fir
white flag,flag of truce
white fox,Arctic fox
white friar,Carmelite
white fringed orchid,white fringed orchis
white fringed orchis,white fringed orchid
white fritillary,Fritillaria liliaceae
white fungus,Saprolegnia ferax
white globe lily,white fairy lantern
white goods,household linen
white heather,Cassiope mertensiana
white hellebore,American hellebore
white honeysuckle,Lonicera albiflora
white hope,great white hope
white horehound,common horehound
white horse,whitecap
white horse nettle,trompillo
white lead,ceruse
white lead ore,cerussite
white leather,whit leather
white leg,milk leg
white lettuce,cankerweed
white lily,Madonna lily
white lotus,lotus
white lung,adult respiratory distress syndrome
white lupine,field lupine
white madder,wild madder
white maire,Olea lanceolata
white mallee,congoo mallee
white mallow,marsh mallow
white mangrove,Avicennia officinalis
white marlin,Makaira albida
white matsutake,Armillaria ponderosa
white matter,substantia alba
white meat,breast
white melilot,white sweet clover
white metal,bearing metal
white milkweed,Asclepias albicans
white mountain ash,Eucalyptus fraxinoides
white mulberry,Morus alba
white mullein,Verbascum lychnitis
white mullet,Mugil curema
white mustard,Brassica hirta
white onion sauce,Soubise
white paper,white book
white pelican,Pelecanus erythrorhynchos
white people,White race
white pepper,pepper
white perch,silver perch
white person,White
white pine blister rust,blister rust
white plague,pulmonary tuberculosis
white popinac,lead tree
white poplar,white aspen
white potato,potato
white potato vine,potato
white pox,alastrim
white prairie aster,Aster falcatus
white rhinoceros,Ceratotherium simum
white rice,polished rice
white river,White
white rocket,Diplotaxis erucoides
white room,clean room
white russia,Belarus
white russian,Byelorussian
white sage,western mugwort
white sanicle,white snakeroot
white sauce,bechamel sauce
white seabass,barramundi
white shark,great white shark
white sheep,Dall sheep
white silk-cotton tree,kapok
white snakeroot,white sanicle
white snapdragon,Antirrhinum coulterianum
white spanish broom,white broom
white spruce,Picea glauca
white stork,Ciconia ciconia
white stringybark,thin-leaved stringybark
white sturgeon,beluga
white sweet clover,white melilot
white tail,Virginia deer
white thistle,prickly poppy
white tie,dress suit
white tie and tails,dress suit
white titi,cyrilla
white trash,poor white trash
white trumpet lily,Easter lily
white turnip,turnip
white violet,sweet white violet
white vitriol,zinc sulfate
white walnut,butternut
white water,whitewater
white wax tree,Chinese privet
white whale,beluga
white willow,Huntingdon willow
white wolf,Arctic wolf
white wood aster,Aster divaricatus
white yam,water yam
white zinnia,Zinnia acerosa
whitebark pine,whitebarked pine
whitebarked pine,whitebark pine
whitecap,white horse
whitecup,Nierembergia repens
whited sepulcher,whited sepulchre
whited sepulchre,whited sepulcher
whiteface,Hereford
whitelash,white backlash
whiteman's foot,broad-leaved plantain
whitener,bleaching agent
whiteness,white
whitening,lightening
whitetail,Virginia deer
whitetail antelope squirrel,antelope squirrel
whitetail deer,Virginia deer
whitetail jackrabbit,white-tailed jackrabbit
whitetail prairie dog,Cynomys gunnisoni
whitethorn,English hawthorn
whitethroat,lesser whitethroat
whitetip shark,reef whitetip shark
whitewater,white water
whitewood,tulipwood
whitey,honky
whiting,silver hake
whitlavia,California bluebell
whitlow,felon
whitlow grass,shadflower
whitney moore young jr.,Young
whitney young,Young
whitsun monday,Whitmonday
whitsun tuesday,Whit-Tuesday
whitsunday,Pentecost
whitsuntide,Whitsun
whitweek,Whitsun
whiz,ace
whiz-kid,go-getter
whizbang,whizzbang
whizbang shell,whizbang
whizz,ace
whizz-kid,go-getter
whizzbang,whizbang
who,World Health Organization
whodunit,mystery
whole caboodle,whole shebang
whole kit,whole shebang
whole kit and boodle,whole shebang
whole kit and caboodle,whole shebang
whole life insurance,ordinary life insurance
whole meal bread,dark bread
whole meal flour,whole wheat flour
whole name,holonym
whole note,semibreve
whole number,integer
whole shebang,whole kit and caboodle
whole snipe,Gallinago gallinago
whole step,tone
whole to part relation,holonymy
whole tone,tone
whole wheat bread,dark bread
whole wheat flour,graham flour
whole works,whole shebang
wholeheartedness,heartiness
wholeness,integrity
wholesale house,discount house
wholesale price index,producer price index
wholesaler,jobber
whooper,whooping crane
whooper swan,whooper
whooping cough,pertussis
whooping crane,whooper
whoosh,swoosh
whopper,walloper
whore,prostitute
whoredom,prostitution
whorehouse,brothel
whoremaster,whoremonger
whoremonger,whoremaster
whoreson,bastard
whorl,coil
whorled aster,Aster acuminatus
whorled loosestrife,Lysimachia quadrifolia
whorled milkweed,Asclepias verticillata
whorlywort,Culver's root
whortleberry,bilberry
why,wherefore
whydah,whidah
wi,Wisconsin
wick,taper
wickedness,evil
wicker,wickerwork
wickerwork,wicker
wicket,hoop
wicket door,wicket
wicket gate,wicket
wickiup,wikiup
wickliffe,Wycliffe
wickup,fireweed
wiclif,Wycliffe
wicopy,leatherwood
widal's test,Widal test
wide-angle lens,fisheye lens
wide-body,widebody aircraft
wide-body aircraft,widebody aircraft
wide area network,WAN
widebody aircraft,wide-body aircraft
wideness,broadness
widening,broadening
widgeon,wigeon
widget,doodad
widow,widow woman
widow's weeds,weeds
widow bird,whydah
widow woman,widow
widower,widowman
widowman,widower
width,breadth
wieland,Wayland
wiener roast,weenie roast
wiener schnitzel,schnitzel
wienerwurst,frank
wife,married woman
wiffle ball,Wiffle
wifi,wireless local area network
wig,wigging
wig tree,Venetian sumac
wigeon,widgeon
wigging,wig
wiggle,wriggle
wiggle nail,corrugated fastener
wiggler,wriggler
wight,creature
wikiup,wickiup
wilbur wright,Wright
wild angelica,Angelica sylvestris
wild apple,crab apple
wild basil,cushion calamint
wild bean,groundnut
wild bergamot,monarda
wild bill hickock,Hickock
wild blue yonder,blue sky
wild boar,boar
wild buckwheat,California buckwheat
wild cabbage,Brassica oleracea
wild calla,water arum
wild carrot,Queen Anne's lace
wild cavy,aperea
wild celery,Apium graveolens
wild chamomile,sweet false chamomile
wild cherry,wild cherry tree
wild cherry tree,wild cherry
wild chervil,cow parsley
wild cinnamon,white cinnamon tree
wild clary,wild sage
wild climbing hempweed,climbing hempweed
wild coffee,feverroot
wild cotton,Arizona wild cotton
wild crab,Malus sylvestris
wild cranberry,common bearberry
wild crocus,American pasqueflower
wild emmer,wild wheat
wild fig,golden fig
wild flower,wildflower
wild garlic,wood garlic
wild geranium,spotted cranesbill
wild hollyhock,checkerbloom
wild hop,red bryony
wild hyacinth,wood hyacinth
wild hydrangea,Hydrangea arborescens
wild indigo,false indigo
wild leek,ramp
wild licorice,Galium lanceolatum
wild lily of the valley,Pyrola rotundifolia
wild liquorice,wild licorice
wild lupine,sundial lupine
wild madder,white madder
wild man,feral man
wild mandrake,mayapple
wild mango,dika
wild mango tree,wild mango
wild marjoram,oregano
wild meadow lily,Canada lily
wild medlar,wild medlar tree
wild medlar tree,wild medlar
wild morning-glory,hedge bindweed
wild mustard,field mustard
wild oat,wild oat grass
wild oat grass,wild oat
wild oats,bellwort
wild olive,Elaeagnus latifolia
wild orange,trifoliate orange
wild ox,ox
wild pansy,Johnny-jump-up
wild parsnip,madnep
wild peach,Kiggelaria africana
wild peanut,hog peanut
wild pink,bog rose
wild plum,wild plum tree
wild plum tree,wild plum
wild potato,Solanum jamesii
wild potato vine,wild sweet potato vine
wild pumpkin,prairie gourd
wild quinine,American feverfew
wild radish,jointed charlock
wild rape,jointed charlock
wild raspberry,European raspberry
wild red oat,animated oat
wild rice,Zizania aquatica
wild rosemary,marsh tea
wild sage,wild clary
wild sarsaparilla,false sarsaparilla
wild sarsparilla,wild sarsaparilla
wild senna,Senna marilandica
wild sensitive plant,partridge pea
wild service tree,Sorbus torminalis
wild snapdragon,toadflax
wild spinach,good-king-henry
wild spurge,flowering spurge
wild strawberry,wood strawberry
wild sweet pea,catgut
wild sweet potato vine,wild potato vine
wild tamarind,manila tamarind
wild teasel,Dipsacus sylvestris
wild thyme,creeping thyme
wild tobacco,Indian tobacco
wild vanilla,Trilisa odoratissima
wild water lemon,love-in-a-mist
wild wheat,wild emmer
wild wilkworm,silkworm
wild winterpea,singletary pea
wild yam,Dioscorea paniculata
wild yellow lily,Canada lily
wildcat well,wildcat
wilde dagga,dagga
wildebeest,gnu
wildflower,wild flower
wildness,abandon
wile,trickery
wiley post,Post
wilfulness,unruliness
wilhelm apollinaris de kostrowitzki,Apollinaire
wilhelm eduard weber,Weber
wilhelm grimm,Grimm
wilhelm karl grimm,Grimm
wilhelm konrad roentgen,Roentgen
wilhelm konrad rontgen,Roentgen
wilhelm ostwald,Ostwald
wilhelm reich,Reich
wilhelm richard wagner,Wagner
wilhelm von opel,Opel
wiliness,craft
wilkie collins,Collins
wilkins micawber,Micawber
will,volition
will-o'-the-wisp,friar's lantern
will durant,Durant
will hays,Hays
will keith kellog,Kellogg
will power,self-control
will rogers,Rogers
willa cather,Cather
willa sibert cather,Cather
willamette river,Willamette
willard frank libby,Libby
willard huntington wright,Wright
willard van orman quine,Quine
willem de kooning,de Kooning
willem de sitter,Sitter
willem einthoven,Einthoven
willet,Catoptrophorus semipalmatus
willful neglect,delinquency
willfulness,unruliness
william a. craigie,Craigie
william ashley sunday,Sunday
william augustus,Cumberland
william averell harriman,Harriman
william beaumont,Beaumont
william benjamin hogan,Hogan
william blake,Blake
william bligh,Bligh
william bradford,Bradford
william bradford shockley,Shockley
william burroughs,Burroughs
william butler yeats,Yeats
william butterfield,Butterfield
william byrd,Byrd
william carlos williams,Williams
william caxton,Caxton
william chambers,Chambers
william christopher handy,Handy
william claire menninger,Menninger
william clark,Clark
william clark gable,Gable
william claude dukenfield,Fields
william congreve,Congreve
william cowper,Cowper
william crawford gorgas,Gorgas
william crookes,Crookes
william curtis,Curtis
william cuthbert faulkner,Faulkner
william dawes,Dawes
william dean howells,Howells
william dudley haywood,Haywood
william edward burghardt du bois,Du Bois
william ewart gladstone,Gladstone
william f. cody,Cody
william falkner,Faulkner
william faulkner,Faulkner
william felton russell,Russell
william franklin graham,Graham
william frederick cody,Cody
william fulbright,Fulbright
william gilbert,Gilbert
william gladstone,Gladstone
william golding,Golding
william graham sumner,Sumner
william green,Green
william h. bonney,Bonney
william harrison dempsey,Dempsey
william harrison hays,Hays
william harvey,Harvey
william hazlitt,Hazlitt
william henry,Henry
william henry beveridge,Beveridge
william henry fox talbot,Talbot
william henry gates,Gates
william henry harrison,Harrison
william henry hoover,Hoover
william henry hudson,Hudson
william henry mauldin,Mauldin
william henry pratt,Karloff
william henry seward,Seward
william herschel,Herschel
william hogarth,Hogarth
william holman hunt,Hunt
william holmes mcguffey,McGuffey
william hoover,Hoover
william howard taft,Taft
william hubbs rehnquist,Rehnquist
william hyde wollaston,Wollaston
william inge,Inge
william james,James
william james durant,Durant
william jefferson clinton,Clinton
william jennings bryan,Bryan
william john clifton haley jr.,Haley
william kidd,Kidd
william lawrence shirer,Shirer
william le baron jenny,Jenny
william lloyd garrison,Garrison
william makepeace thackeray,Thackeray
william maxwell aitken,Beaverbrook
william mckinley,McKinley
william menninger,Menninger
william mitchell,Mitchell
william morris,Morris
william nunn lipscom jr.,Lipscomb
william of occam,Occam
william of ockham,Occam
william of orange,William III
william of wykeham,Wykeham
william patterson,Paterson
william penn,Penn
william penn adair rogers,Rogers
william pitt,Pitt
william ralph inge,Inge
william randolph hearst,Hearst
william rehnquist,Rehnquist
william richard morris,Nuffield
william rose benet,Benet
william rowan hamilton,Hamilton
william rufus,William II
william s. burroughs,Burroughs
william s. gilbert,Gilbert
william saroyan,Saroyan
william schwenk gilbert,Gilbert
william seward burroughs,Burroughs
william shakespeare,Shakespeare
william shakspere,Shakespeare
william shockley,Shockley
william somerset maugham,Maugham
william stanley jevons,Jevons
william strickland,Strickland
william stubbs,Stubbs
william styron,Styron
william sydney porter,Porter
william tatem tilden jr.,Tilden
william tecumseh sherman,Sherman
william tell,Tell
william the conqueror,William I
william thompson,Kelvin
william thornton,Thornton
william tindal,Tyndale
william tindale,Tyndale
william tyndale,Tyndale
william walton,Walton
william wilkie collins,Collins
william wordsworth,Wordsworth
william wycherley,Wycherley
william wyler,Wyler
william wymark jacobs,Jacobs
willie howard mays jr.,Mays
willie mays,Mays
willow,willow tree
willow-pattern,willowware
willow bell,peach bells
willow family,Salicaceae
willow oak,Quercus phellos
willow tree,willow
willowware,willow-pattern
willpower,self-control
willy brandt,Brandt
wilms tumour,Wilms' tumor
wilno,Vilnius
wilson's blackcap,Wilson's warbler
wilson's disease,hepatolenticular degeneration
wilson's thrush,veery
wilson cloud chamber,cloud chamber
wilsonia pusilla,Wilson's warbler
wilt,wilt disease
wilt disease,wilt
wilting,wilt
wilton carpet,Wilton
wimble,auger
wimp,chicken
wimshurst machine,electrostatic generator
win,winnings
wince,flinch
winch,windlass
winchester drive,disk drive
wind,air current
wind bell,wind chime
wind chime,wind bell
wind cone,windsock
wind deflection,windage
wind energy facility,wind farm
wind exposure,windage
wind farm,wind park
wind gage,anemometer
wind gauge,anemometer
wind generation,wind power
wind generator,windmill
wind harp,aeolian harp
wind instrument,wind
wind park,wind farm
wind poppy,flaming poppy
wind power,wind generation
wind scale,Beaufort scale
wind sleeve,windsock
wind sock,windsock
wind vane,weathervane
windage,wind exposure
windbag,gasbag
windbreak,shelterbelt
windbreaker,parka
windcheater,parka
winder,key
windfall,boom
windflower,anemone
windiness,breeziness
winding-clothes,pall
winding-sheet,pall
windlass,winch
windlessness,stillness
windmill,aerogenerator
windmill grass,creeping windmill grass
window,windowpane
window dresser,window trimmer
window dressing,facade
window glass,pane
window lock,sash fastener
window oyster,windowpane oyster
window pane,acid
window sash,sash
window trimmer,window dresser
windowpane,window
windowpane oyster,window oyster
windpipe,trachea
windscreen,windshield
windscreen wiper,windshield wiper
windshield,windscreen
windshield wiper,windscreen wiper
windsock,wind sock
windtalker,codetalker
windward isles,Windward Islands
windward side,to windward
windy city,Chicago
wine,vino
wine-colored,wine
wine-coloured,wine
wine-maker's yeast,Saccharomyces ellipsoides
wine barrel,wine cask
wine bucket,wine cooler
wine cask,wine barrel
wine cellar,cellar
wine cooler,wine bucket
wine maker,vintner
wine making,winemaking
wine merchant,vintner
wine palm,jaggery palm
wine steward,sommelier
wine waiter,sommelier
wineberry,Rubus phoenicolasius
winemaker,vintner
winemaking,wine making
winery,wine maker
winfield scott,Scott
winfred,Boniface
wing,offstage
wing-nut,wing nut
wing case,elytron
wing elm,winged elm
wing flat,coulisse
wing nut,wing-nut
wing screw,wing nut
winged bean,winged pea
winged elm,wing elm
winged everlasting,Ammobium alatum
winged pea,winged bean
winged pigweed,tumbleweed
winged spindle tree,Euonymous alatus
wings,wing
wingspan,wingspread
wingspread,wingspan
wingstem,golden ironweed
wink,blink of an eye
winker,blinker
winkle,periwinkle
winner,victor
winnings,win
winnow,winnowing
winnowing,winnow
wino,drunkard
winslow homer,Homer
winston churchill,Churchill
winston s. churchill,Churchill
winter,wintertime
winter's bark,winter's bark tree
winter's bark family,Winteraceae
winter's bark tree,winter's bark
winter aconite,Eranthis hyemalis
winter cherry,Chinese lantern plant
winter cress,St. Barbara's herb
winter crookneck,winter crookneck squash
winter crookneck squash,winter crookneck
winter currant,Ribes sanguineum
winter fern,hemlock
winter flounder,lemon sole
winter flowering cherry,rosebud cherry
winter hazel,flowering hazel
winter heath,spring heath
winter heliotrope,sweet coltsfoot
winter jasmine,Jasminum nudiflorum
winter melon,Persian melon
winter melon vine,winter melon
winter mushroom,Flammulina velutipes
winter olympics,Winter Olympic Games
winter purslane,miner's lettuce
winter rose,Christmas rose
winter savory,Satureja montana
winter savoury,winter savory
winter squash,winter squash plant
winter squash plant,winter squash
winter sweet,dittany of crete
winter wren,Troglodytes troglodytes
wintera,Pseudowintera
wintera colorata,pepper shrub
winterberry,bearberry
wintergreen,pyrola
wintergreen family,Pyrolaceae
wintergreen oil,oil of wintergreen
wintertime,winter
wipe,rub
wipeout,destruction
wiper,wiper arm
wiper arm,wiper
wiper blade,windshield wiper
wire,conducting wire
wire-haired pointing griffon,griffon
wire-haired terrier,wirehair
wire gage,wire gauge
wire gauge,wire gage
wire grass,broom beard grass
wire matrix printer,wire printer
wire printer,wire matrix printer
wire service,news agency
wire wool,steel wool
wirehair,wirehaired terrier
wirehaired terrier,wirehair
wireless fidelity,wireless local area network
wireless local area network,WLAN
wireless telegraph,radiotelegraph
wireless telegraphy,radiotelegraph
wireless telephone,radiotelephone
wireman,wirer
wirer,wireman
wiretap,tap
wiretapper,tapper
wirework,grillwork
wisconsin river,Wisconsin
wisdom,wiseness
wisdom book,sapiential book
wisdom literature,sapiential book
wisdom of jesus the son of sirach,Ben Sira
wise guy,smart aleck
wise man,mentor
wiseacre,wise guy
wisecrack,crack
wiseness,wisdom
wisenheimer,wise guy
wisent,aurochs
wish,wishing
wish-wash,folderol
wishbone,wishing bone
wishful thinker,escapist
wishing,wish
wishing bone,wishbone
wistaria,wisteria
wisteria,wistaria
wisteria chinensis,Chinese wistaria
wisteria floribunda,Japanese wistaria
wisteria frutescens,American wistaria
wisteria venusta,silky wisteria
wit,humor
witch,enchantress
witch's brew,witches' brew
witch-hazel family,Hamamelidaceae
witch alder,fothergilla
witch broom,witches' broom
witch elm,wych elm
witch grass,witchgrass
witch hazel,witch hazel plant
witch hazel plant,witch hazel
witchcraft,witchery
witchery,witchcraft
witches' brew,witches' broth
witches' broom,witch broom
witches' broth,witches' brew
witches' butter,Tremella lutescens
witches' sabbath,sabbat
witchgrass,witch grass
withdrawal,backdown
withdrawal method,coitus interruptus
withdrawing room,drawing room
withdrawnness,aloofness
withe,withy
withholding,withholding tax
withholding tax,withholding
withstander,defender
withy,withe
witloof,endive
witness,witnesser
witness box,witness stand
witness stand,witness box
witnesser,witness
witold gombrowicz,Gombrowicz
wits,marbles
witticism,wit
wittiness,wit
wivern,wyvern
wiz,ace
wizardry,genius
wlan,wireless local area network
wmd,weapon of mass destruction
wmo,World Meteorological Organization
wnw,west northwest
woadwaxen,woodwaxen
wodan,Woden
woe,suffering
woefulness,woe
wolf's bane,wolfsbane
wolf's milk,leafy spurge
wolf bean,white lupine
wolf cub,wolf pup
wolf fish,wolffish
wolf pup,wolf cub
wolf spider,hunting spider
wolfbane,wolfsbane
wolffia columbiana,common wolffia
wolffiella gladiata,mud midget
wolffish,wolf fish
wolfgang amadeus mozart,Mozart
wolfgang pauli,Pauli
wolfman,werewolf
wolfram,tungsten
wolfram steel,tungsten steel
wolframite,iron manganese tungsten
wolfsbane,wolfbane
wollaston prism,Rochon prism
wolverine,Michigander
wolverine state,Michigan
woman,adult female
woman's body,adult female body
woman's doctor,gynecologist
woman's hat,millinery
woman-worship,gyneolatry
woman chaser,wolf
woman hater,misogynist
woman of the house,housewife
woman of the street,prostitute
womanhood,muliebrity
womaniser,womanizer
womanishness,effeminacy
womanizer,womaniser
womanliness,womanlike
womb,uterus
women's lib,feminist movement
women's liberation movement,feminist movement
women's liberationist,feminist
women's rightist,feminist
won ton,wonton
wonder,wonderment
wonder bean,jack bean
wonder boy,golden boy
wonder child,child prodigy
wonder flower,chincherinchee
wonderberry,garden huckleberry
wonderer,marveller
wonderfulness,admirability
wonderment,wonder
wonk,swot
wont,habit
wonton,won ton
wonton soup,won ton
wood,forest
wood's alloy,Wood's metal
wood-creeper,woodhewer
wood-fern,wood fern
wood-frog,wood frog
wood-rat,wood rat
wood-sorrel family,Oxalidaceae
wood alcohol,methanol
wood anemone,snowdrop
wood ant,Formica rufa
wood avens,herb bennet
wood block,woodcut
wood coal,lignite
wood cudweed,chafeweed
wood duck,summer duck
wood engraving,woodcut
wood fern,wood-fern
wood file,rasp
wood frog,wood-frog
wood garlic,wild garlic
wood grain,woodgrain
wood hen,weka
wood horsetail,Equisetum Sylvaticum
wood hyacinth,wild hyacinth
wood ibis,wood stork
wood laurel,spurge laurel
wood lily,trillium
wood meadowgrass,Poa nemoralis
wood nettle,Laportea canadensis
wood nymph,dryad
wood pewee,pewee
wood pigeon,ringdove
wood poppy,celandine poppy
wood pussy,skunk
wood rabbit,cottontail
wood rat,wood-rat
wood sage,Teucrium scorodonia
wood shavings,excelsior
wood sorrel,oxalis
wood spirit,methanol
wood spurge,Euphorbia amygdaloides
wood stork,wood ibis
wood strawberry,wild strawberry
wood sugar,xylose
wood swallow,swallow shrike
wood thrush,Hylocichla mustelina
wood tick,American dog tick
wood vinegar,pyroligneous acid
wood violet,hedge violet
wood vise,woodworking vise
wood warbler,New World warbler
wood widgeon,wood duck
woodbine,Virginia creeper
woodborer,borer
woodcarver,carver
woodchuck,groundhog
woodcock snipe,great snipe
woodcreeper,woodhewer
woodcut,wood engraving
wooden horse,Trojan Horse
wooden leg,peg
wooden shoe,sabot
woodfern,wood fern
woodgrain,wood grain
woodgraining,graining
woodhewer,woodcreeper
woodiness,woodsiness
woodland,forest
woodland caribou,Rangifer caribou
woodland oxeye,Buphthalmum salicifolium
woodland star,Lithophragma affine
woodland white violet,sweet white violet
woodlet,grove
woodlouse,slater
woodman,woodsman
woodpecker,peckerwood
woodrow charles herman,Herman
woodrow wilson,Wilson
woodrow wilson guthrie,Guthrie
woodruff,sweet woodruff
woods,forest
woodsia alpina,Alpine woodsia
woodsia glabella,smooth woodsia
woodsia ilvensis,rusty woodsia
woodsiness,woodiness
woodsman,woodman
woodwardia virginica,Virginia chain fern
woodwaxen,dyer's greenweed
woodwind,woodwind instrument
woodwind instrument,woodwind
woodwork,carpentry
woodworker,woodsman
woodworking,carpentry
woodworking plane,plane
woodworking vise,wood vise
woody allen,Allen
woody guthrie,Guthrie
woody herman,Herman
woody nightshade,bittersweet
woody pear,native pear
woody plant,ligneous plant
wooer,suitor
woof,weft
wooing,courtship
wool,woolen
wool fat,lanolin
wool grass,Scirpus cyperinus
wool grease,lanolin
wool stapler,woolsorter
woolgatherer,daydreamer
woolly alder aphid,Prociphilus tessellatus
woolly aphid,woolly plant louse
woolly apple aphid,American blight
woolly bear,woolly bear caterpillar
woolly bear caterpillar,woolly bear
woolly daisy,dwarf daisy
woolly indris,Avahi laniger
woolly mammoth,northern mammoth
woolly manzanita,downy manzanita
woolly mullein,common mullein
woolly plant louse,woolly aphid
woolly rhinoceros,Rhinoceros antiquitatis
woolly thistle,cotton thistle
woolsorter,wool stapler
woolsorter's disease,pulmonary anthrax
woolsorter's pneumonia,pulmonary anthrax
wooly blue curls,black sage
wooly lip fern,hairy lip fern
wop,dago
worcestershire,Worcester sauce
worcestershire sauce,Worcester sauce
word,news
word-painting,word picture
word-splitting,hairsplitting
word-worship,verbolatry
word accent,word stress
word blindness,visual aphasia
word class,part of speech
word deafness,auditory aphasia
word division,hyphenation
word finder,wordfinder
word form,form
word meaning,word sense
word of advice,admonition
word of farewell,farewell
word of honor,parole
word of mouth,grapevine
word picture,word-painting
word processing system,word processor
word processor,word processing system
word sense,word meaning
word square,acrostic
word stress,word accent
word string,string of words
word structure,morphology
wordfinder,word finder
wordiness,prolixity
wording,diction
wordplay,pun
words,lyric
words per minute,wpm
work,piece of work
work-board,workboard
work-clothes,work-clothing
work-clothing,work-clothes
work bench,workbench
work camp,prison camp
work day,workday
work flow,workflow
work force,workforce
work load,workload
work papers,working papers
work party,gang
work permit,working papers
work shift,shift
work shoe,brogan
work stoppage,strike
work study,time and motion study
work table,worktable
work unit,heat unit
workbag,workbasket
workbasket,workbox
workbench,work bench
workboard,work-board
workbox,workbasket
workday,working day
worker,proletarian
workfellow,colleague
workflow,work flow
workforce,work force
working capital,capital
working class,labor
working day,workday
working girl,prostitute
working group,working party
working man,workman
working out,elaboration
working papers,work papers
working party,working group
working person,workman
working principle,working rule
working rule,working principle
workingman,workman
workings,works
workload,work load
workman,workingman
workmanship,craft
workout,exercise
workout suit,sweat suit
workplace,work
works,plant
workshop,shop
worktable,work table
workweek,week
world-beater,king
world-weariness,Weltschmerz
world affairs,international affairs
world bank,International Bank for Reconstruction and Development
world court,International Court of Justice
world organisation,world organization
world organization,world organisation
world power,major power
world tamil association,Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
world tamil movement,Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
world traveler,globetrotter
world view,Weltanschauung
world war 1,World War I
world war 2,World War II
worldliness,sophistication
worldling,tellurian
worldly belongings,worldly possessions
worldly concern,earthly concern
worldly good,worldly possession
worldly goods,worldly possessions
worldly possession,worldly good
worldly possessions,worldly belongings
worm,louse
worm fence,snake fence
worm salamander,slender salamander
worm snake,blind snake
wormseed,American wormseed
wormseed mustard,Erysimum cheiranthoides
wormwood oil,absinthe oil
wormwood sage,prairie sagewort
worn spot,fret
worrier,fuss-budget
worriment,troublesomeness
worry,concern
worrywart,worrier
worship,adoration
worship of heavenly bodies,astrolatry
worship of man,anthropolatry
worshiper,worshipper
worshipper,believer
worsted,worsted yarn
worsted yarn,worsted
worthlessness,ineptitude
wound tumor virus,WTV
wow,belly laugh
wpm,words per minute
wrack,rack
wraith,ghost
wrangle,quarrel
wrangler,horse wrangler
wrangling,haggle
wrap,wrapper
wrapper,negligee
wrapping,wrap
wrath,anger
wreath,garland
wreck,shipwreck
wrecker,saboteur
wreckfish,stone bass
wrecking,razing
wrecking bar,crowbar
wren-tit,Chamaea fasciata
wrench,twist
wrestle,wrestling
wrestler,grappler
wrestling,wrestle
wretch,poor devil
wretchedness,misery
wrick,crick
wriggle,wiggle
wriggler,wiggler
wring,squeeze
wrinkle,furrow
wrist,carpus
wrist band,wristlet
wrist bone,carpal bone
wrist joint,wrist
wrist pin,gudgeon pin
wrist watch,wristwatch
wristband,watchband
wristlet,wrist band
wristwatch,wrist watch
writ,judicial writ
writ of certiorari,certiorari
writ of execution,execution
writ of habeas corpus,habeas corpus
writ of mandamus,mandamus
write-down,write-off
write-in,write-in candidate
write-in candidate,write-in
write-off,write-down
write up,report
writer,author
writer's cramp,graphospasm
writer's name,author's name
writing,authorship
writing assignment,written assignment
writing pad,message pad
writing style,literary genre
writing system,orthography
writing table,secretary
writings,Hagiographa
written account,written record
written assignment,writing assignment
written communication,written language
written document,document
written language,written communication
written material,writing
written matter,copy
written record,written account
written report,report
written symbol,printed symbol
written text,transcription
wrong 'un,googly
wrongdoer,offender
wrongdoing,error
wrongful conduct,wrongdoing
wrongfulness,wrong
wrongness,inappropriateness
wry face,pout
wrymouth,ghostfish
wryneck,torticollis
wsw,west southwest
wtc,World Trade Center
wto,World Trade Organization
wtv,wound tumor virus
wu dialect,Wu
wuerzburg,Wurzburg
wulfila,Ulfilas
wuss,weakling
wv,West Virginia
www,World Wide Web
wy,Wyoming
wyat,Wyatt
wych elm,witch elm
wych hazel,witch hazel
wych hazel plant,witch hazel
wyclif,Wycliffe
wye,Y
wyethia amplexicaulis,mule's ears
wyethia helianthoides,white-rayed mule's ears
wynfrith,Boniface
wystan hugh auden,Auden
wytensin,guanabenz
wyvern,wivern
x-radiation,X ray
x-ray,X ray
x-ray photograph,roentgenogram
x-ray photography,roentgenography
x-ray picture,roentgenogram
x-scid,X-linked SCID
xanax,alprazolam
xanthemia,carotenemia
xanthoma multiplex,xanthomatosis
xanthomatosis,xanthoma multiplex
xanthophyl,xanthophyll
xanthophyll,xanthophyl
xanthosoma atrovirens,yautia
xanthosoma sagittifolium,yautia
xe,xenon
xenicus gilviventris,rock wren
xenogenesis,alternation of generations
xenograft,heterograft
xenon,Xe
xenopus laevis,African clawed frog
xenorhyncus asiaticus,policeman bird
xenotransplant,xenotransplantation
xenotransplantation,xenotransplant
xeranthemum annuum,immortelle
xeroderma,xerodermia
xerodermia,xeroderma
xerographic copier,Xerox
xeroma,xerophthalmia
xerophile,desert plant
xerophilous plant,desert plant
xerophthalmia,xerophthalmus
xerophthalmus,xerophthalmia
xerophyllum tenax,squaw grass
xerophyte,desert plant
xerophytic plant,desert plant
xerostomia,dry mouth
xerotes,dryness
xerox,xerox copy
xerox copy,xerox
xerox machine,Xerox
xerxes the great,Xerxes I
xestobium rufovillosum,deathwatch beetle
ximenesia encelioides,cowpen daisy
xinjiang uighur autonomous region,Xinjiang
xiphias gladius,swordfish
xiphium iris,Spanish iris
xiphosurus polyphemus,horseshoe crab
xishuangbanna dai,Tai Lue
xizang,Tibet
xmas,Christmas
xor circuit,X-OR circuit
xor gate,X-OR circuit
xt,crosstalk
xtc,Adam
xxy-syndrome,Klinefelter's syndrome
xylaria mali,black root rot fungus
xylaria polymorpha,dead-man's-fingers
xylene,xylol
xylocaine,Lidocaine
xylol,xylene
xylomelum pyriforme,native pear
xylophone,marimba
xylopia aethiopica,Guinea pepper
xylose,wood sugar
xylosma,Xylosma congestum
xylosma congestum,xylosma
xyphophorus helleri,swordtail
xyris operculata,tall yellow-eye
y,yttrium
yacca,yacca podocarp
yacca podocarp,yacca
yacht,racing yacht
yacht club,boat club
yacht race,sailing-race
yachting,boating
yachting cap,kepi
yachtsman,yachtswoman
yachtswoman,yachtsman
yack,yak
yafo,Jaffa
yagi,Yagi aerial
yagi aerial,yagi
yahoo,yokel
yahve,Yahweh
yahveh,Yahweh
yahwe,Yahweh
yak,yack
yakety-yak,yak
yale,Yale University
yaltopya,Ethiopia
yalu river,Yalu
yam,yam plant
yam bean,potato bean
yam family,Dioscoreaceae
yam plant,yam
yamaltu,Tera
yangtze,Chang Jiang
yangtze kiang,Chang Jiang
yangtze river,Chang Jiang
yank,Yankee
yankee-doodle,Yankee
yankee corn,flint corn
yanker,jerker
yanquapin,water chinquapin
yap,trap
yard,pace
yard-long bean,asparagus bean
yard bird,yardbird
yard donkey,yarder
yard goods,piece goods
yard grass,yardgrass
yard measure,yardstick
yard sale,garage sale
yardbird,yard bird
yardbird parker,Parker
yarder,yard donkey
yardgrass,yard grass
yardmaster,trainmaster
yardstick,yard measure
yarmelke,yarmulke
yarmulka,yarmulke
yarmulke,yarmulka
yarn,narration
yarrow,milfoil
yashmac,yashmak
yashmak,yashmac
yasser arafat,Arafat
yatobyo,tularemia
yautia,tannia
yaw,swerve
yawl,dandy
yawn,yawning
yaws,frambesia
yazoo river,Yazoo
yb,ytterbium
ybit,yottabit
year,twelvemonth
yearbook,annual
yearling,toddler
yearner,longer
yearning,longing
years,old age
yeast,barm
yeddo,Tokyo
yedo,Tokyo
yehudi menuhin,Menuhin
yekaterinoslav,Dnipropetrovsk
yell,cry
yeller,roarer
yelling,shouting
yellow-bellied sapsucker,Sphyrapicus varius
yellow-bellied terrapin,slider
yellow-blindness,tetartanopia
yellow-blue color blindness,yellow-blue dichromacy
yellow-blue dichromacy,yellow-blue color blindness
yellow-breasted bunting,Emberiza aureola
yellow-breasted chat,Icteria virens
yellow-crowned night heron,Nyctanassa violacea
yellow-eyed grass family,Xyridaceae
yellow-fever mosquito,Aedes aegypti
yellow-leaf sickle pine,Falcatifolium taxoides
yellow-shafted flicker,Colaptes auratus
yellow-throated marten,Charronia flavigula
yellow adder's tongue,trout lily
yellow ageratum,African daisy
yellow asphodel,king's spear
yellow avens,Geum macrophyllum
yellow bachelor's button,orange milkwort
yellow bass,Morone interrupta
yellow bean,wax bean
yellow bedstraw,yellow cleavers
yellow bells,California yellow bells
yellow berry,buckthorn berry
yellow bile,choler
yellow birch,Betula alleghaniensis
yellow bone marrow,yellow marrow
yellow bristle grass,yellow bristlegrass
yellow bristlegrass,yellow bristle grass
yellow bugle,ground pine
yellow bunting,yellowhammer
yellow cattley guava,guava
yellow cedar,yellow cypress
yellow chamomile,golden marguerite
yellow chestnut oak,chinquapin oak
yellow cleavers,yellow bedstraw
yellow clintonia,heal all
yellow colicroot,Aletris aurea
yellow cypress,yellow cedar
yellow delicious,Golden Delicious
yellow dock,bitter dock
yellow dwarf of potato,potato yellow dwarf
yellow fever,yellow jack
yellow flag,yellow iris
yellow foxglove,straw foxglove
yellow foxtail,yellow bristlegrass
yellow giant hyssop,Agastache nepetoides
yellow globe lily,golden fairy lantern
yellow goatfish,Mulloidichthys martinicus
yellow granadilla,Jamaica honeysuckle
yellow green,yellowish green
yellow gurnard,tub gurnard
yellow hawkweed,king devil
yellow henbane,Physalis viscosa
yellow honeysuckle,Lonicera flava
yellow horned poppy,horn poppy
yellow hornet,yellow jacket
yellow iris,yellow flag
yellow ironweed,wingstem
yellow jacaranda,tipu
yellow jack,yellow fever
yellow jacket,pentobarbital sodium
yellow jasmine,yellow jessamine
yellow jessamine,yellow jasmine
yellow journalism,tabloid
yellow lady's slipper,yellow lady-slipper
yellow lady-slipper,yellow lady's slipper
yellow locust,black locust
yellow loosestrife,garden loosestrife
yellow lupine,Lupinus luteus
yellow mariposa tulip,Calochortus luteus
yellow marrow,yellow bone marrow
yellow metal,alpha-beta brass
yellow milkwort,orange milkwort
yellow mombin,hog plum
yellow mombin tree,hog plum
yellow mountain saxifrage,Saxifraga aizoides
yellow nutgrass,chufa
yellow oak,black oak
yellow ocher,yellow ochre
yellow ochre,yellow ocher
yellow oleander,Thevetia peruviana
yellow paper daisy,strawflower
yellow parilla,common moonseed
yellow pea,false lupine
yellow perch,Perca flavescens
yellow pimpernel,Lysimachia nemorum
yellow pitcher plant,huntsman's horn
yellow pond lily,spatterdock
yellow poplar,tulipwood
yellow prussiate of potash,potassium ferrocyanide
yellow river,Huang He
yellow rocket,rockcress
yellow root,goldenseal
yellow salsify,Tragopogon dubius
yellow sand verbena,Abronia latifolia
yellow spiny daisy,Haplopappus spinulosus
yellow spot,macula
yellow spot fungus,Cercospora kopkei
yellow spruce,red spruce
yellow star-thistle,Barnaby's thistle
yellow sweet clover,Melilotus officinalis
yellow trefoil,black medick
yellow trumpet,huntsman's horn
yellow turnip,rutabaga
yellow twining snapdragon,Antirrhinum filipes
yellow vetchling,common vetchling
yellow warbler,golden warbler
yellow water flag,yellow iris
yellow water lily,Nuphar lutea
yellow watercress,marsh cress
yellowbelly marmot,rockchuck
yellowbird,yellow warbler
yellowcake,U308
yellowfin,yellowfin tuna
yellowfin croaker,surffish
yellowfin mojarra,Gerres cinereus
yellowfin tuna,yellowfin
yellowhammer,yellow-shafted flicker
yellowish brown,raw sienna
yellowish green,yellow green
yellowish pink,apricot
yellowness,yellow
yellowstone river,Yellowstone
yellowtail,yellowtail snapper
yellowtail flounder,Limanda ferruginea
yellowtail snapper,yellowtail
yellowwood,yellowwood tree
yellowwood tree,yellowwood
yelp,yip
yelping,yip
yen,hankering
yenisei-samoyed,Enets
yenisei river,Yenisei
yenisey,Yenisei
yenisey river,Yenisei
yeoman,yeoman of the guard
yeoman of the guard,yeoman
yerba buena,Micromeria chamissonis
yerba mansa,Anemopsis californica
yerba santa,Eriodictyon californicum
yerwa-maiduguri,Maiduguri
yes-man,flunky
yeshiva,yeshivah
yeshivah,yeshiva
yesteryear,past
yeti,abominable snowman
yevgeni aleksandrovich yevtushenko,Yevtushenko
yevgeni yevtushenko,Yevtushenko
yew family,Taxaceae
yezo,Hokkaido
ygdrasil,Yggdrasil
yhvh,Yahweh
yhwh,Yahweh
yi,Lolo
yib,yottabyte
yibit,yobibit
yid,kike
yield,output
yielder,surrenderer
yip,yelp
yips,yip
yisrael,Israel
ylang-ylang,ilang-ilang
yob,bully
yobbo,bully
yobibit,Yibit
yobibyte,yottabyte
yobo,bully
yoghourt,yogurt
yoghurt,yogurt
yogi,Berra
yogi berra,Berra
yogurt,yoghurt
yoke,couple
yokel,rube
yoko ono,Ono
yokuts,Mariposan
yolk,egg yolk
yolk sac,vitelline sac
yom kippur war,Arab-Israeli War
yorkshire fog,velvet grass
yosemite falls,Yosemite
yottabit,Ybit
yottabyte,YB
you-drive,car rental
young buck,young man
young carnivore,cub
young girl,lass
young lady,girl
young man,young buck
young person,youth
young woman,girl
youngster,child
younker,young person
youth,young person
youth-on-age,pickaback plant
youth crusade,youth movement
youth hostel,hostel
youth movement,youth crusade
youthfulness,youth
yowl,bellow
yr,year
ytterbite,gadolinite
ytterbium,Yb
yttrium,Y
yuan,kwai
yuan dynasty,Yuan
yucatan peninsula,Yucatan
yucateco,Yucatec
yucca aloifolia,Spanish bayonet
yucca baccata,Spanish bayonet
yucca brevifolia,Joshua tree
yucca carnerosana,Spanish dagger
yucca elata,soapweed
yucca filamentosa,Adam's needle
yucca glauca,bear grass
yucca gloriosa,Spanish dagger
yucca smalliana,bear grass
yucca whipplei,Our Lord's candle
yue dialect,Yue
yugoslavia,Serbia and Montenegro
yukon river,Yukon
yukon territory,Yukon
yukon time,Alaska Standard Time
yule,Christmas
yuletide,Christmas
yunnan province,Yunnan
yurak-samoyed,Nenets
yuri alekseyevich gagarin,Gagarin
yuri gagarin,Gagarin
yves tanguy,Tanguy
z,omega
zabaglione,sabayon
zacharias,Zechariah
zachary taylor,Taylor
zag,zigzag
zaire,Congo
zaire river,Congo
zalcitabine,dideoxycytosine
zalophus californianus,California sea lion
zalophus californicus,California sea lion
zalophus lobatus,Australian sea lion
zaman,rain tree
zamang,rain tree
zambezi river,Zambezi
zamia family,Zamiaceae
zamia pumila,coontie
zane grey,Grey
zannichellia palustris,horned pondweed
zantac,ranitidine
zantedeschia aethiopica,calla lily
zantedeschia rehmanii,pink calla
zanthoxylum americanum,toothache tree
zanthoxylum clava-herculis,Hercules'-club
zanthoxylum flavum,satinwood
zanthoxylum fraxineum,toothache tree
zapotecan,Zapotec
zapus hudsonius,meadow jumping mouse
zarathustra,Zoroaster
zarontin,ethosuximide
zarpanit,Sarpanitu
zarqa,Az Zarqa
zauschneria californica,California fuchsia
zb,zettabit
zbit,zettabit
zdv,zidovudine
zea mays,corn
zea mays amylacea,soft corn
zea mays everta,popcorn
zea mays indentata,dent corn
zea mays indurata,flint corn
zea mays rugosa,sweet corn
zea saccharata,sweet corn
zeal,ardor
zealotry,fanaticism
zebibit,Zibit
zebibyte,zettabyte
zebra-tailed lizard,gridiron-tailed lizard
zebra crossing,pedestrian crossing
zebra finch,Poephila castanotis
zebra mussel,Dreissena polymorpha
zebra orchid,Caladenia cairnsiana
zebrawood,zebrawood tree
zebrawood family,Connaraceae
zebrawood tree,zebrawood
zed,Z
zee,Z
zellig harris,Harris
zellig sabbatai harris,Harris
zen buddhism,Zen
zenaidura macroura,mourning dove
zend,Avestan
zend-avesta,Avesta
zeno of citium,Zeno
zeno of elea,Zeno
zep,bomber
zephyr,breeze
zeppo,Marx
zero-coupon bond,zero coupon bond
zero-coupon security,zero coupon security
zero coupon bond,zero-coupon bond
zero coupon security,zero-coupon security
zero point,zero
zest,gusto
zestfulness,gusto
zestril,lisinopril
zetland,Shetland
zettabit,Zbit
zettabyte,ZB
zeus faber,John Dory
zhou dynasty,Zhou
zib,zettabyte
zibit,zebibit
zidovudine,Retrovir
zig,zigzag
zigadene,death camas
zigadenus elegans,alkali grass
zigadenus glaucus,white camas
zigadenus nuttalli,poison camas
zigadenus venenosus,grassy death camas
zigadenus venenosus gramineus,grassy death camas
ziggurat,zikkurat
zigzag goldenrod,broad leaved goldenrod
zikkurat,ziggurat
zikurat,ziggurat
zilch,nothing
zimmer,walker
zimmer frame,walker
zinacef,cefuroxime
zinc,Zn
zinc blende,blende
zinc oxide,flowers of zinc
zinc sulfate,zinc sulphate
zinc sulfide,zinc sulphide
zinc sulphate,zinc sulfate
zinc sulphide,zinc sulfide
zinc vitriol,zinc sulfate
zinc white,Chinese white
zing,dynamism
zingiber officinale,common ginger
zinnia,old maid
zinnia acerosa,white zinnia
zinnia grandiflora,little golden zinnia
zionist movement,Zionism
zip,nothing
zip fastener,slide fastener
zipper,slide fastener
zippo,nothing
zirbanit,Sarpanitu
zircon,zirconium silicate
zirconia,zirconium oxide
zirconium,Zr
zirconium dioxide,zirconium oxide
zirconium oxide,zirconia
zirconium silicate,zircon
zit,pimple
zither,cither
zithern,zither
zithromax,azithromycin
zizania aquatica,wild rice
ziziphus jujuba,jujube
ziziphus lotus,lotus tree
zn,zinc
zoarces viviparus,viviparous eelpout
zocor,simvastatin
zoisia,genus Zoysia
zoloft,sertraline
zombi,zombie
zombi spirit,zombi
zombie,zombi
zombie spirit,zombi
zona,zone
zonal pelargonium,fish geranium
zone,geographical zone
zonotrichia albicollis,white-throated sparrow
zonotrichia leucophrys,white-crowned sparrow
zonula,zonule
zonule,zonula
zoo,menagerie
zooerastia,bestiality
zooerasty,bestiality
zooflagellate,zoomastigote
zoolatry,animal-worship
zoological garden,menagerie
zoological science,zoology
zoologist,animal scientist
zoology,fauna
zoom,rapid climb
zoom lens,telephoto lens
zoomastigote,zooflagellate
zoonosis,zoonotic disease
zoonotic disease,zoonosis
zoophilia,zoophilism
zoophilism,zoophilia
zootoxin,animal toxin
zori,pusher
zoril,Ictonyx frenata
zoster,herpes zoster
zostera marina,eelgrass
zovirax,acyclovir
zoysia japonica,Korean lawn grass
zoysia matrella,Manila grass
zoysia tenuifolia,mascarene grass
zr,zirconium
zubird,Zu
zucchini,courgette
zwieback,rusk
zygnemales,Zygnematales
zygocactus truncatus,crab cactus
zygoma,zygomatic arch
zygomatic arch,zygoma
zygomatic bone,cheekbone
zygomycotina,Zygomycota
zygophyllum fabago,bean caper
zygote,fertilized ovum
zyloprim,allopurinol
zymogen,proenzyme
zymology,zymurgy
zymolysis,zymosis
zymosis,zymolysis
zymurgy,zymology
zyrian,Komi
assess,buttocks
bollocks,testis
discuss,discus
diss,Dis
doss,Department of State
obsess,Ob
possess,posse
saw logs,saw log
siss,sister
